SUDEEP NAGARKAR
YOURE THE PASSWORD TO MY LIFE 
RANDOM HOUSE INDIA
Contents
A Note on the Author Prologue
A Slightly Insane Friendship
More Than Just Friends
Dhuaa
Its Hard to Let Go
Life is Not Always Fair Your Flaws Are Perfect Were We Never Meant to Be?
Dreaming of You
Yes, I Cared
Unofficially Yours
You Gave Me a Hangover
A Different Kind of Pain
Trust Me, Im Freaking Serious!
Candy Crush My Heart!
There Can Never Be Another You
Dreams Are For Real
Everything Happens For a Reason
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
Follow Random House
Copyright
A Note on the Author
 
Sudeep Nagarkar is a popular contemporary Indian writer and has authored four bestselling novels Few 
Things Left Unsaid (2011), Thats the Way We Met (2012), It Started With a Friend Request (2013), and 
Sorry Youre Not My Type (2014).
All his books continue to top the bestseller charts since their release. He is the recipient of the 2013 
Youth Achievers Award.
After completing his Engineering from Mumbai, he pursued management studies from Welingkar 
Institute of Mangement and now also writes for television. He has given guest lectures in various 
renowned institutes and organizations. For more information about Sudeep, you can visit 
www.sudeepnagarkar.in or get in touch with Sudeep via his:
Facebook fan page: facebook.com/sudeepnagarkar.official.fanpage
Facebook profile: facebook.com/sudeep.nagarkar
Twitter handle: sudeep_nagarkar
Email: contact@sudeepnagarkar.in
... I Love you Rachu ...
Dear Frnds pls spread this msg until its reach to my rachu
I thinks see knows my name
Book Downloaded from: EBOOK4IN.BLOGSPOT.COM
Submitted by Rohith Chakraborty
Also by Sudeep Nagarkar
Sorry, Youre Not My Type
It Started With a Friend Request
Thats the Way We Met
Few Things Left Unsaid 
To the eternal bond that Vikki and Kavya share
Zindagi ko badalne me waqt nahi lagta,
Par kabhi kabhi waqt ko badalne me zindagi lag jati hai!! 
Prologue
We all have that one person in our lives in whose absence our existence seems utterly meaningless. For 
some people, that person is a frienda family you choose instead of being forced into liking. No matter 
how much you argue with your friends over little things, ultimately you love them for exactly who they 
are. None of those petty, expensive gifts or sweet words mean anything if one cant appreciate the little 
things that matter.
Rohith was lucky enough to have the best of both: a friend to live for and a love to die for. A friend who 
would confidently lie to his parents just to go out with him and a girlfriend who was slowly and 
discreetly penetrating his heart and soul.
It was the evening of Rohiths relationship anniversary. Rohith had left for his girlfriend Riddhimas place 
and his friend Vikki, too, was on his way. Rohith had made all the preparations for a perfect evening. 
As he took out his mobile phone from his pocket, he scrolled through Riddhimas pictures in his gallery 
for a while, then read the text message he had received, and started typing a reply:
You will look ravishing covered in my kisses. You always ask me whether you are better than my ex or 
not, so let me tell you the truth todayno one can be compared to you, my love. I love you so much and I 
wonder to myself why? You know what they saywhen you know why you like someone, its a crush and 
when you cant think of a reason or explanation, its love.
He read the message once again before pressing the send button. He then thought of deleting the text 
message from his phone. After all, it had only been a day since they started seeing each other. He feared 
what Riddhima would think about him. But the best conversations are those that never take place, like 
the messages that we never send.
Rohith reached Riddhimas house and knocked on the door. She let him inside, though something had 
changed this time; earlier he used to visit her to learn French while now he was here to teach her how 
to French kiss, if the stars favoured him. He called Vikki to ask him where he was and how long hed 
take to reach.
I am on my way. Will reach in half an hour. Extremely sorry, buddy. I am still stuck in traffic, Vikki lied.
He was not struck in traffic but caught up in another meetingone with his best friend. A girl can be your 
best friend, your worst enemy, or your worst nightmare. It all depends upon how you treat her. Vikki 
treated her like a princess but always asked her when would she start looking for a guy to fall in love 
with to which she would reply, I dont need someone so mature that I cant act immaturely around him. 
What I need is someone who adores my immaturity and maturely understands me. Theyd end up 
fighting over issues like these and would stop talking to each other for days.
She was supposed to travel back to her hometown that night, all by herself. He never liked the fact that 
she travelled alone. But she loved adventures and it was beyond Vikkis control to win an argument 
with her.
Vikki was about to reach Rohiths place when suddenly he took a U-turn in high speed.
The other cars came to a halt the moment Vikki took the sudden turn and sped away. While he was 
waiting for the signal to turn green, he received a message. He immediately called on the unknown 
number and before the person on the other end could explain the whole thing, he ended the call. 
Suddenly, he felt numblike his whole world had come crashing down. He couldnt believe his ears. It was, 
by far, the worst news of his life.
His hands shivered as he accelerated the car. After a few minutes, he got a call from Rohith again.
Where are you? Stop following girls and come here right away.
Rohith, Im not coming. I am extremely sorry but I need to see someone urgently.
Please dont take this the wrong way, Vikki said with a heavy voice.
What happened? Rohith asked sensing the gravity of the situation.
Without uttering a word, Vikki disconnected the call and parked his car. He got out and started 
walking when he realized that hed forgotten to lock the car, yet again.
How many times do I need to tell you to check whether the doors have been locked properly or not? 
You are so careless, Vikki. This is unacceptable. He remembered her chiding him and a tear rolled 
down his eyes.
All the crazy moments that they had spent together came rushing back like a flashback in front of his 
eyes. He remembered their long drives and the way she tickled him sitting beside him in the car. An 
empty smile, unspoken words, and a broken heart; it was killing him. Their relationship did not flourish 
as intended. Perhaps, it would go somewhere better. All the good memories and the precious moments 
they had shared with each other had been scattered in a fraction of a second.
Sometimes we play with our lives, but when the time comes for us to get serious, life plays with us. 
Rohith was expecting Vikki to celebrate his newfound happiness with him, but now even Rohith was 
worried for Vikki. Riddhima was confused by the way Rohith was acting and wanted to know what had 
happened.
Whenever he faced a difficult time, she would be the first person to be by his side. Now he was missing 
that support of hers. Vikki was missing the support of his best friend, Kavya.
A Slightly Insane Friendship
Mid July, 2009
Kavya, what are you doing here at this hour? You act like my mom. She also had this habit of waking me 
up early in the morning for no reason whatsoever. Its so annoying!
Vikki muttered still half-asleep. Kavya was kicking his butt in an attempt to wake him up.
Vikki and Kavya were both students at Biosis College, Pune.
I wanna make up right now, na nawish we never broke up right now, na na
The song was playing on repeat on the stereo and Vikki slept without a care in the world. Kavya kept a 
duplicate key of his room with her precisely for situations like these.
If it were up to Vikki, he would sleep all through the day.
You can never get up on your own, can you? You should throw away your alarm clock. Its of no use, 
Kavya complained shaking him up.
Kavya was a tomboy, completely extrovert in nature. She made friends easily unlike Vikki and loved 
playing sports and riding a bike. Although slightly plump, she carried herself with grace and was always 
full of energy. She never wore anything that would make her look like a slut. She was a hardcore foodie 
at heart and loved to experiment with her taste buds. Her favourite hobby was teasing boys and she 
didnt spare Vikki whenever she got a chance.
Kavya stayed in Kothrud, Pune. She was extremely bold and forthright, and did not care if people took 
her the wrong way.
How can you kick me in my own house? Vikki looked annoyingly at Kavya with his eyes half open.
Oh please! This is not your house. This wouldnt even classify as a house. Look at that dirty underwear of 
yours hanging on the rope. Its so old its covered in holes! And those socks of yours? They stink so bad 
that I need to carry a room freshener with me every time I come to your house, Kavya said with an 
expression of disgust on her face.
He barely made note of her complaints and went back to sleep, asking her not to disturb him for 
another 15 minutes.
Vikki was a smart and witty boy, with an extremely good sense of humour. His only vice was that he 
was extremely lazy. Kavya would try her best to talk him out of sleeping so late, but he wouldnt listen. 
He always wore a stubble on his fair skinned face and the style helped him woo girls. Like Kavya, he 
would never bother himself with what people thought about him and was never ashamed to express 
what he felt. Though he would take his time to befriend people, he was never outrightly rude to anyone. 
He feared getting into a serious relationship as the early demise of his parents had scarred him forever. 
He knew how to charm everyone in his presence and could talk to anyone with ease. He stayed with his 
aunt in Mumbai during his school days and later, when he started going to Boisis College to study 
Commerce, he took up a flat on rent near his college.
He met Kavya in the same college and they hit it off instantly. She tolerated him and adored him while 
he had her back, always. All the other girls? Well, they were friends.
Friends with benefits.
Get up, you kumbhkaran. Look at how late it is. I hope you remember we were supposed to go shopping 
today, Kavya said and went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast.
By the time she entered the bedroom, Vikki had taken a bath and was getting ready.
That is so sweet of you. Thats why I call you my best friend, she said pulling his cheeks.
Stop sugarcoating me. I said Ill come and I always live up to my promise. So lets go, he said adjusting the 
collar of his t-shirt.
Wear your pants, at least, Kavya said pointing to the towel wrapped around his waist.
Stop instructing me on the proper dress code when you arent dressed in salwar kameez either, he 
laughed looking at the skirt she was wearing.
Who do you think you are, a stud? Kavya asked.
Vikki ignored the question and grabbed a comb from the dressing table, eating his breakfast 
simultaneously. This annoyed Kavya. To set him straight, Kavya knew just what to do. Vikki had a few 
oversized shirts in his wardrobe that he had never worn before.
What are you doing? Vikki asked her when she picked up one of the oversized shirts and went to the 
washroom to change.
Youll see in a minute, Kavya replied cheekily as she closed the door of the bathroom. What excited 
Kavya was a nightmare to Vikki. When she came out, she was wearing nothing but an XXL size shirt 
with a waist belt. The shirt barely covered her thighs.
Have you lost your mind? he screamed.
If you can wear those tiny boxers of yours and roam around freely in the house, why cant I go out 
shopping like this? Doesnt it look sexy? Kavya asked checking herself out in the mirror.
I am not coming with you if you are going out wearing that. Tell me, you are kidding, right? Vikki was 
completely baffled.
Dont you dare challenge me. If you lose, tonights drinks are on you.
Saying so, Kavya pulled Vikki by the hand and took him downstairs. She refused to go via his car and 
ignited her scooty. Vikki was completely embarrassed. He looked around to see if anyone was 
watching them. Kavya was enjoying Vikkis embarrassment and couldnt control her laughter. While 
driving, Kavyas shirt would slide up a bit, and Vikki would try and pull it down for her, much to Kavyas 
amusement. Whenever the scooty would halt due to heavy traffic, they would become the centre of 
attraction as all eyes would be fixed on them. All Vikki could do was hide his face under the helmet.
Kavya, this is not done. Cant we just go back to our room? Vikki pleaded.
Kavya was in no mood to listen and continued to drive until they reached SGS mall on MG Road. Even 
the person who handled their parking ticket in the mall took his own time to check out Kavya.
You son of a bitch Vikki was unable to control his anger but calmed down when Kavya pinched his 
thigh.
He had never witnessed such an embarrassing situation before in his entire life and decided not to wear 
his tiny boxers, not even at home. Theirs was a crazy relationship where nothing was off limits.
Its not over yet. We still have to go shopping inside the mall, Kavya winked at Vikki.
Vikki had no other option than to comply with her wishes. From the security guards to each and every 
person in SGS mall, everyone stared at them, probably because she looked weird to them or because 
they wondered why Vikki was on the verge of crying even when he was with a sexy-looking girl. Kavya 
was enjoying herself to the fullest. She was happy that she had won the bet and that Vikki would now 
have to foot the bill. They shopped for her and unsurprisingly, Vikki took a keen interest in selecting 
her outfit so she couldnt humiliate him again.
Are you enjoying, darling? Kavya said pulling his cheeks as they stood by the billing counter of Westside.
I will respond suitably when the odds are in my favour, he replied as Kavya smiled looking at him.
They left the mall and rushed back to Vikkis apartment. This was not the first time that Kavya had 
messed around with him. She could do so repeatedly because they shared such a strong bond with each 
other. Isnt this what true friendship is all about? Doing all those crazy things that you cant do with 
anyone else? Once they entered his flat, Vikki and Kavya burst into laughter. They were completely 
crazy and loved being with each other. Vikki and Kavyas connection was above time and space.
 
Kavya, tell me somethingdidnt you feel awkward this morning when you went out in that outfit? Vikki 
asked.
I did feel awkward, but thats fine. Paagalpanti is the trademark of our relationship. Moreover, I could 
only do so because you were there with me in your boxers, Kavya winked.
They were both enjoying drinks at the Swig lounge in Koregaon Park. Vikki had lost a challenge he had 
never accepted in the first place. But you cant win an argument with girls, can you? Swig was one of the 
coolest places in Pune where you could just lose yourself in the crowd. With an amazing ambience in the 
evening, the place was an attraction to youngsters and the college-going crowd of the city. It had a 
prominent bar right at the centre, with wooden tables and chairs, and beautiful stained glass lamps that 
hung above each table, creating an ambiance of warmth. Vikki and Kavya loved coming to this place, 
especially on Tuesdays when most drinks were served at discounted prices during Happy Hours.
Cheers! Vikki said raising a toast to their friendship. It was his fourth glass of the evening.
Tell me seriously, who was that girl you were talking to yesterday? Ive never seen you with her before, 
Kavya said giving him an odd look.
Are you talking about the girl who was wearing a blue dress? he asked trying to recall.
Oh, so you even remember the colour of her dress! You were getting so close with her that I thoughtyou 
know
Oh, shut up. I spoke to her for the first time yesterday. I had my reasons. Her name is Mahek. And 
anyway, I have decided to be serious now. I mean not with her butyou knowI want to be in a committed 
relationship now. No hanky panky, Vikki stammered.
Oh really? Is it you talking or the bottle? Kavya laughed.
I am serious, Kavya. I was talking to her to confirm whether she would be joining
Salsa classes or not. Ok, so then?
Then what? She is joining. She is an expert at dance and you know how pathetic I am.
So I thought maybe she could teach me?
Kavya couldnt stop laughing at the thought of Vikki and Meena as dance partners. She didnt know if 
she was imagining things due to the effect of alcohol or was Vikki seriously in love. Vikki had never 
been serious about a relationship before although he had dated many girls in the past. So it was quite 
strange for Kavya to hear from Vikki that he was actually getting serious about love. The only serious 
relationship he had was with Kavya. But it was pure friendship. She decided to ignore his ramblings till 
he sobered up. She was a bit high as well and decided to leave the matter be. Generally, friends get 
serious about something or someone in a drunken state. Vikki was no different. She called for the 
waiter.
Can I get you anything, maam? the waiter asked politely.
Maam my foot. Tell me, are you giving birth to the chicken? Its been more than an hour since we 
ordered the dish. Where is it?
The waiter immediately left to enquire the reason for the delay while Vikki kept staring at Kavya after 
her sudden outburst. The waiter brought out the dish the very next moment and Vikki was about to 
ask for the bill when Kavya shouted again, Manager, see the oldie there. Oh god, I think hes dead.
A middle-aged guy in his mid-30s was sitting adjacent to them and was resting his head on the table 
after having a drink too much.
Kavya thought of annoying the guy and continued, Manager, I am serious. See this old uncle here? Hes 
dead.
Vikki was used to her antics, especially when she was drunk. They laughed as the people sitting 
around them started looking at them as if they had come from a different planet altogether. After 
sometime, when the situation was under control and that oldie had left the place, she insisted they 
leave the lounge without paying the bill. Vikki didnt agree in the beginning but then thought of trying 
it for the thrill. They tried to act casual so that the waiters didnt catch their attention.
I am going to quietly move out by pretending to be on a call. Once I leave, you can join me in a couple of 
minutes. You can even come later as they dont really question girls.
Saying so, Vikki moved outside pretending that he was not getting network coverage in the room and 
slowly walked towards his bike. When he saw no one was noticing him, he sat on the bike and ignited it 
so that they could run away as soon as Kavya came out. He kept the ignition on just in case they had to 
make a quick escape. After some time, Kavya came out and casually walked towards the bike as if 
nothing had happened. As she came closer, she increased her pace.
Fastsitsitsit Vikki whispered.
She quickly sat on the bike and they sped away. She turned to see the guard running out of the lounge 
with the bill in his hand. But Vikki raced the bike at bullet speed.
How did you get out so smoothly? Vikki asked.
I asked for directions to the washroom and slowly slipped out instead. The manager seemed to doubt 
me, but I maintained my cool and walked at a casual pace so that the guard standing outside wouldnt 
stop me.
They high-fived each other and screamed loudly in joy.
Friendship isnt about who you have known the longest. Its about who came and never left your side 
even when you committed a crime. In this world where everything seems uncertain, only one thing was 
definite: Vikki and Kavyas friendshipbeyond words, beyond time, and beyond distance.
 
After returning from the lounge, they went to FC road as Vikki wanted to eat chocolate paan. Kavya 
saw a man selling soap bubbles on the road.
Vikkieven I want to blow those soap bubbles, Kavya said in a childish manner pointing towards the 
vendor selling them.
Vikki obliged to avoid the similar chaos that had occured a few minutes ago at the lounge. He knew 
she would create havoc if he didnt buy her those soap bubbles. Little did he know that there was no 
stopping her and that she would go wilder with each act. As soon as he purchased it, she started blowing 
bubbles on passersby and troubling them. It became difficult for Vikki to control her but even amid 
this chaos, he couldnt help but laugh at her childishness.
Eventually, Vikki took her by the hand and dragged her away from the scene before she could make 
life miserable for other people. She continued blowing the bubbles sitting behind on the bike. She saw 
two girls on a scooty parallel to them. The bad girl in her awakened and seconds later, she started 
bothering them.
Are you lesbians? You want to try a threesome? she teased the girls.
Yeah, please take her along with you. Make her sit between you. She is in a real need of a threesome, 
Vikki added and started laughing.
Without speaking a word, the girls raced their scooty and ran away. Vikki and Kavya had fun eve-
teasing all the bikers they crossed, till they reached his apartment.
What a day it was. I will never forget this my entire life, Vikki sighed as he parked the bike.
Seriously. We had an awesome time together. We should do this more often, Kavya laughed trying to 
walk properly. The effect of alcohol was taking its toll on her. Vikki helped her by holding her hands 
and taking her upstairs.
You are staying here tonight. I am not letting you go home in this condition. No, I have to go. Bye, said 
Kavya trying to push Vikki away.
Vikki threatened to inform her parents. He took her inside and made her sit on the couch. She relaxed 
a bit and started laughing again, without a reason. Vikki freshened up and decided to make some 
Maggi for the two of them. Kavya always loved her Maggi with a seasoning of oregano. She never 
missed an opportunity to eat it whenever she stayed back at Vikkis apartment. While Vikki was in 
the kitchen, Kavya opened his laptop to browse through the folders.
Vikki, where are my Accounts assignments pictures? she asked.
Now why do you need them at this hour? Dont tell me you are going to write it now, Vikki shouted 
from the kitchen.
No, I just wanted to see them.
They are in the Daily chores folder, E drive.
Vikki poured out the cooked Maggie from the saucepan into a dish and was about to put ketchup on 
top when he realized that the folder contained some B-grade movies. He kept the ketchup aside and ran 
into the bedroom to stop Kavya from accessing his folder in time. But it was too late!
So these are your daily chores? Kavya teased, turning the laptop towards him.
Vikki tried to snatch the laptop away from her but even in her tipsy state she wouldnt let him take it 
easily, and put up quite a fight.
Kavya, this is not fair yaar. Some things are really personal and even you should not touch them, he 
pleaded.
However, Kavya didnt show him any mercy. She in fact insisted that they watch one of the movies 
together while eating Maggi. Vikki flatly refused but ultimately gave up when he realized that arguing 
with Kavya would be futile. He made himself comfortable on the bed, next to Kavya, and played a 
random movie from the folder.
I dont want to watch this one. Play the other one which had Vikki stopped her short saying all movies 
had the same content and it didnt really matter which one they watched.
With every noodle she slurped, she watched the movie with more curiosity. It was the first time she was 
watching anything like this and was enjoying herself thoroughly.
See, this guy looks like you, she said pointing towards the hero of the movie.
Shut up. Look at the girl; she looks exactly the way you were looking in the morning wearing that sultry 
dress, Vikki laughed.
Before Kavya could finish her Maggi, Vikki fell asleep. She shut down the laptop and smiled thinking 
about all the fun they had together. Though Kavya behaved like a kid, Vikki loved the child in her. She 
would always say, I dont need anyone who is mature enough to stop me from acting immature. What I 
need is someone who can adore my immaturity and maturely understand me. No one, except for 
Vikki, would be able to tolerate Kavyas childish behaviour post drinking. Similarly no one could 
tolerate Vikkis untidy nature but Kavya. They were perfectly made for each other; friends who did silly 
stuff together, laughed at each other when they fell, and lived life their way without giving a damn to 
the people around them.
More Than Just Friends
Mahek, I heard youre participating in the dance competition. Is that true? Vikki asked her as they 
walked around the college campus.
Yes, I love dancing and want to pursue it as a career option. So I gave my name for the competition, 
Meena answered.
Meena was the college hottie and Vikki had fallen head over heels for her the moment he laid his eyes 
on her. She was looking ravishing in a white dress that day. Her thick black hair fell loosely on her 
shoulders. Her dazzling chocolate brown eyes framed by long lashes that she flicked constantly could 
brighten anyones world. Her cherry lips looked like a frozen rose, dangerous but beautiful, and her milky 
white skin could mesmerize anyone. She was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen, like a 
painting of a goddess brought to life. When she smiled, the world would sigh with contentment. When 
she laughed, the world would laugh with her. And if she shed a tear, the whole world would want to 
comfort her. She wore the same perfume everydayElizabeth Arden 5th Avenueand one could get a whiff 
of her from a mile away. She was full of confidence which reflected in her cute smile. She was fond of 
dancing and dreamt of becoming a salsa trainer, and eventually starting an event management company 
of her own.
Mahek had enrolled in the dance competition that was going to take place between the Junior and 
Senior Wings of Biosis College. The winner would get a chance to join a professional salsa group, which 
was really something. Vikki had no interest in winning but decided to participate as it was the perfect 
opportunity to get close to her.
I am participating as well. I hope we win, Vikki said gazing at her eyes, pretending to sound confident.
We, what do you mean we? She seemed puzzled.
Yeah. We are going to be partners, right? Vikki muttered in a soft voice.
When did I agree to that? she asked and started to walk ahead.
Oh, come on. I am not that bad at dancing, he stated.
I have seen you dance at the club with Kavya. You are not bad. You are terrible.
You can teach me, perhaps
For the first time, Vikki feared talking to a girl. The more he thought about it, the more he felt like he 
was in love. Though Vikki and Mahek had been going to the same college for over a year, they had 
never really interacted much with each other. Kavya did talk to her often, and was friends with her, but 
Vikki hardly did. According to him, she was not meant for casual dating, but someone to fall in love 
with. He had dated many girls in the past but chose to stay away from Mahek and the likes of her. 
However, the idea of being serious in life made him fall for Meena eventually. He wondered why he 
wanted to be in a serious relationship in the first place, but never found the right answer. So he 
assumed it to be love.
Whats wrong, Mr Stud? Kavya asked patting him on his back. Mahek had left by then.
Nothing, Vikki said as he continued walking alone, lost in his thoughts.
Maybe I can help you. Im good friends with her, Kavya added.
The moment he heard Kavya say she was friends with Mahek, he jumped up in joy. His happiness had no 
limits. He pleaded with Kavya to make a case for him with Mahek so that she saw him favourably.
What will I get? I deserve something in return, Kavya winked.
How rude! You cant do something this pint-sized for your best friend? Vikki pleaded.
No. If you are willing to give me whatever it is that I ask for in return, Ill do it.
And whats that?
I need a promise from you. Promise me that once you get into a relationship, nothing will change 
between us and you wont act like one of those emotionless guys who forget their friends once they find 
a girlfriend to love. We will still act insane at pubs and run away without paying bills. We will continue 
teasing bikers late at night, and you will never stop making Maggie for me. Promise me, everything will 
be the same even after youre committed to her, Kavya said.
Vikki hugged her and assured her that nothing would alter his love for her.
Dont worry. When Ill ask her out, I will clearly mention that along with a smart, handsome guy, shell 
need to deal with a stupid, dumb, and idiotic girl too as a complementary gift.
Kavya pinched him and smiled. They walked together towards the classroom and sat beside Meena. 
There were no lectures as they had to submit their assignments in college the next day. Kavya had 
already plotted a plan to get Vikki and Meena closer and started to implement it on Meena. They were 
chit-chatting when Vikki joined them. Meena gave him the cold shoulder, making Vikki feel uneasy. 
Just then, he received a call from his uncle and went outside to answer it. In the meantime, Meena and 
Kavya continued talking, Vikki being the topic of discussion. Kavya flaunted his positive attributes to 
impress Meena although in reality, Vikki couldnt even keep his room tidy. She kept praising him in 
front of Meena till Vikki returned.
Lets leave, buddy, Kavya told Vikki as he walked in.
Where to? he asked in a surprised tone.
I am taking Meena and you out on a date. Up for it? Kavya teased him.
Vikki felt like hitting Kavya with a hammer that very moment.
Chill, we are going for a movie. I hope you dont mind, Meena said in her sweet voice looking at Vikki.
Are you mad? Why would I mind? I am on cloud nine, Vikki added, elated.
What? Meena said giving him a puzzled look.
Kavya nudged him with her elbow and signalled him to come with them. Vikki followed both the girls 
out without uttering a word. There were no lectures all through the day so Kavya had planned for a 
movie to give them an opportunity to spend some time together. Though they had to submit their 
assignments the next day, it hardly bothered them. It really doesnt bother students unless they want to 
impress the professors.
 
All three of them reached E-Square cinema and booked tickets for the next show of 500 Days of 
Summer. Vikki was overjoyed since it was his first outing with Meena. He prayed it would turn into a 
date in the future. She swept him off his feet whenever their eyes met. For the first time he felt special, 
like he had been searching for someone special all these years and had finally found her. But he felt a 
void inside since he didnt know how to act around her.
Lets go eat something. We still have an hour left, Vikki said looking at his watch.
Meena agreed and all of them went to the food court.
Meena, youve never had a boyfriend? Kavya asked her on purpose.
No, I am kinda afraid of relationships, she said resting her hands on the table.
Me too. I think were a perfect match for each other, joked Vikki.
Relax. Mahek, he thinks hes a stud. In reality, his brain is the size of a peanut. Ignore him, Kavya replied.
They had a good laugh and spent some time getting to know each other. Vikki found that he was 
extremely similar to Mahek, personality-wise. They had the same taste in movies, food, sport etc. and 
even had the same attitude and perspective towards things. Though he was never too loud or 
outspoken, whenever he talked to Meena, he would metamorphosize into a completely different 
person. The glow of her electric personality energized his brain as well as his heart.
It was time for the movie to begin, so they went inside the cinema hall and took their seats. The theatre 
was normally vacant on weekdays, and almost all the seats were unoccupied.
The movie turned out to be really boring and they soon started to feel sleepy. Kavya saw a couple who 
were seated one row ahead of them and they were busy making their own movie. They were so 
engrossed in kissing each other that they hardly looked elsewhere. Both of them had closed their eyes 
and were feeling every inch of each other.
Look at those dumbos, Kavya whispered and continued, Vikki, you should lend your flat on rent to 
such couples who are unable to find places to have sex.
Yeah, why not. I will even install a condom machine next to my door. Happy? Vikki said sarcastically to 
which Meena smiled. This brought a smile to his face too. He felt like he was on top of the world.
I think we should videotape them on our phone. What say, guys? Kavya added.
Have you lost it? Vikki said, annoyed.
Awesome idea. It will be fun. Lets tease them later during the interval by showing them the video, 
Meena said excitedly.
Vikki was shocked and felt trapped between the two girls. Earlier there was just Kavya, and now even 
Meena had joined her troupe of crazy girls, it seemed. Meena took her cell phone out and started 
recording them in the act. She angled the camera in such a way that both were clearly visible in the 
frame. The couple didnt have the slightest clue about what was happening. They got wilder with each 
passing minute and were almost on top of each other. Looking at them, all three started to laugh loudly.
Hey, what are you doing? I will complain about you, screamed someone from the back seat.
Mahek dropped the cell phone in fear and it rolled down a row.
What are we doing? Look at them. We are just protesting, Vikki shouted to show that he was not 
afraid of the person who was threatening them.
But their luck was terrible because the guy actually went to the authorities and complained about the 
three of them and the racket they were creating. The authorities asked them to delete the video of the 
couple and threw everyone out of the hall.
Dont you have a place to have sex, you assholes? Kavya screamed on their way out.
Should I book a room at a nearby hotel for the two of you? Meena added. She seemed to be having fun 
teasing them as well.
The trio ran to the parking lot towards Vikkis car as the authorities were hot on their heels. They 
laughed thinking about how they got thrown out of the hall for shooting an MMS. Vikki hadnt 
expected his first meeting with Meena to turn out to be so adventurous.
As Vikki drove the car, he kept checking out Meena several times through the rearview mirror. The 
smile on her face transported him to a dream world and her naughty eyes made him crazy for her. With 
each passing minute, he was falling for her more and more, while Meena was drawing close to Vikki 
and Kavya; she was starting to enjoy their company. When Vikki had met her for the first time, he 
wasnt planning on falling in love. He wasnt even looking for another best friend. But she changed all 
that. Everything started with a little crush and slowly turned into something stronger. The attraction was 
electric and unexpected. She entered his world and turned it upside down. His mind tried to take 
control, but his heart would always win over the mind.
 
The next morning when Meena reached college, she was slightly tensed as her assignments were 
incomplete. Kavya had finished writing Vikkis assignment so he was in a relaxed frame of mind. When 
Mahek expressed her concern to the both of them, they laughed it off and told her about the plan some 
students had come up with.
Are you serious? Meena asked.
Yes, all the students who havent finished the assignment have come up with a brilliant plan. So just relax 
and dont worry about the unfinished assignment, Vikki consoled her.
After the first lecture got over, some of the students left the class and went to the washroom. A few 
minutes later they returned with a sly smile on their faces.
All set! they screamed in unison.
Everyone was anxiously waiting to see what they had planned. Vikki, Mahek, and Kavya stared at each 
other, waiting for the big reveal. A few seconds later, there came a loud sound from the washroom. No 
one could mistake that soundit was the sound of firecrackers burning! They had successfully trapped the 
professor in the washroom before he could come in for the next class. They knew hed pay tribute to the 
Washroom Baba before beginning the lecture. Thats why they had named it baba as it always came to 
their rescue in times of need. The caretaker ultimately helped the professor out who immediately 
rushed to the principals room to complain about them. But by the time the principal could do something 
about it, the entire gang had run away. There was no other way to get hold of them. The submission of 
the assignment was forgotten in the entire process and Meena sighed in relief.
Kavya had to leave early that day so Vikki got an opportunity to spend some time alone with Mahek. 
They went to Mochas for coffee where Vikki shared his past with her his family, past 
relationshipswhile Mahek told him about her ambitions in life. While Vikki was perfectly comfortable 
talking to her about everything under the sun, he wasnt sure if Meena was making small talk or if she 
too liked his company.
So dancing is your passion? Vikki asked looking straight into her eyes. She silently nodded and turned 
her gaze away from him, breaking the temporary spell.
After a few seconds of silence, Vikki added, Do you know I have no knowledge of salsa? I joined 
because
Vikki was about to complete his sentence when Meena took his hand in hers and assured him that she 
would teach him everything she knew about salsa. He too tightened the grip on her hands and they 
looked straight into each others eyes. Mahek immediately moved her hand away.
Theres a famous saying that goes Dont try to understand a girl completely. If you do, then either youll go 
mad or youll start loving her. Vikki had started loving Mahek. She had stolen his heart before he could 
do something about it.
Shortly afterwards, Vikki dropped her home and left for his apartment. Once he reached the 
apartment, he sent her a message:
I had a great time with you. Youre the reason I smile these days and I think I have found that someone 
who can make me have faith in love all again. Someone who can make me believe that even if things are 
hard in life, I dont have to worry as I have found that someone who can help me make it through. 
Someone who fills an empty space in my mind and heart. Someone who makes me feel complete. 
Someone whos enough for me. Someone who can accept me the way I am. Someone who is not 
insecure. I have been hurt so many times in the past that it takes a lot for me to trust someone now. The 
first time I saw you, I had this gut feeling that you and I were going to be together for a very long time. I 
hope Im not irritating you with my silly talk, but I need to tell you that you are special. Thank you so 
much for coming into my life.
Once he sent the message, he kept the phone next to his laptop, waiting for her reply. But no message 
came. He scrolled through the pictures he had of her on his phone since he was missing every moment 
he had spent with her. He transferred them to his laptop and logged in to Gtalk. His chat-friend Rohith 
was online. It had been a few months since they first connected and both of them had become really 
good friends. Though Vikki and Rohith had met only once, they talked with each other like they were 
childhood friends.
Vikki: Hey. Whats up? I need to tell you something.
Rohith: Hi. Nothing much. Just sitting idle.
Vikki: Why, what happened? You know you can share anything with me.
Rohith: Chuck it. You were going to tell me something
Vikki: Dude, I think I am in love. I mean, Ive never felt like this before. I just feel like gazing at her for 
hours. I sent a flirty message to her a few minutes back and am still waiting for her reply.
Rohith: Thats awesome, dude. So youve finally found the girl of your dreams after trying your luck with a 
dozen others.
Vikki: Ha ha! Fingers crossed. I hope it works out. How is life at your end? Anything troubling you? You 
dont seem your jolly self.
Rohith: Nothing, yaar. My girlfriend is worried about our marriage and so weve been fighting every 
night.
Vikki: The couple that fights the most is the one most deeply in love. It shows that you care enough to 
notice that the other one screwed up, and care enough to mention it too. Rohith: Its not easy, beta. Now 
that you have fallen in love, you will realize it. Vikki: Lol. I will resolve the fight in no time by being the 
first one to say sorry.
Simple.
Vikki never shared things that were too personal with Rohith and it was the first time he had mustered 
the courage to tell him about what was happening in his love life. But before Rohith could respond to his 
message, his cousin entered the room and disconnected the internet. Vikki too switched off his laptop 
and checked his mobile one last time before calling it a day. His eyes lit up seeing one message from 
Mahek.
I love your company too. Kavya and you are full of life. See you tomorrow. Miss you.
Vikki started jumping on the bed with glee when he read the last two wordsMiss you. Though the 
message was not overtly romantic or anything, he was happy because at least she had replied. He had 
never thought that he would meet someone as special as her. True love is a constant battle between the 
heart and the mind. Only when both are in sync with each other that true love comes into being. And 
Vikkis mind and heart were both shouting only one name in chorus. He lay on the couch trying to 
imagine her next to him. He was so excited that he was unable to figure out what to do next. If Kavya 
wouldnt have warned him, he would have asked her out right away. He wanted to tell Kavya about the 
message but it was quite late and she would be asleep by then. He switched his laptop back on to check 
whether Rohith was online or not. He wasnt either.
He went to sleep that night with a smile on his face.
Dhuaa
Rohith was chatting with Vikki casually in his room while also thinking about his own complicated love 
life. He was about to take a sip of his coffee when I opened the door to his bedroom.
Hey buddy, I shouted.
Aditya, when did you come? Rohith asked.
This evening with Mom. She had some work here, so we finished that and came straight to your place. 
Mom is outside discussing something with Aunty. Hurry up. Lets go out.
Just give me a minute. Im chatting with my friend Vikki, Rohith stated.
Before he could chat again, I removed the internet plug and switched off his computer.
What is this? I have come to fucking meet you and you are on the internet. Lets go to our favourite spot, 
I said pulling him from his chair.
You wanna go to Anna? Have you taken permission? asked.
I nodded and shut down his laptop before he could start again. Though it was drizzling a bit, Rohith 
raced his bike towards Anna. Anna was our favourite tea stall where wed catch up over steaming hot 
cups of tea and pakoras.
Rohith was a shy and reserved boy who kept mostly to himself. His family was the orthodox kinds and 
not very outgoing. The one thing Rohith did love was going to the gym. He was a typical gym freak who 
worked hard day and night to get great biceps. He was well mannered and was always very well turned 
out. This made him a favourite among girls who liked silent, brooding type of men. He was very bad at 
telling a lie because the innocence in his eyes would give the lie away. He was extremely caring and 
believed that not displaying affection openly showed that you are ashamed of who youre with. Inspired 
by Bollywood movies, he was overtly romantic and loved to go out for candlelight dinners with his 
girlfriend. He was slightly superstitious and used to wear precious stone rings on his fingers to ward off 
evil and control his temper. More importantly, he was focused on achieving his goals and was confident 
about achieving his dreams, one of them being helping orphan kids.
Here comes your cup of tea. Do you want a smoke too? I asked Rohith taking out a ciggie from my 
pocket and lighting it.
No, its ok, he replied.
Dont you get bored typing so much on Gtalk? I asked him out of curiosity. I personally hated it.
I dont talk much. Its just that my friend Vikki was online and he was telling me about his love-life, so I 
couldnt log off, Rohith added.
Oh, cool. Who is he?
Rohith told me how he and Vikki were online friends who met each other through a bloggers site 
some time back and then added each other on Gtalk. They had met once when Vikki wanted some 
information regarding a particular orphanage. Rohith had all the details about the orphanage as it was 
his dream to work for them and thus he had met Vikki to help him. Though Rohith was an introvert 
and shied away from making friends online, he was never wrong at judging peoples intentions. He found 
Vikki to be very genuine and decided to help him out. Theyve been friends ever since.
At this age, guys go online to make girlfriends and here you have found a guy online. You are on the 
right track brother, I laughed.
Shut up, Adi.
I mean it, seriously. One of my friends is dating a girl he has never met. At least youve met your guy 
once, I added teasingly.
Trust me. He is a nice guy. We are not that close, but were good friends. Ok, boss. I trust you. So, hows 
life in Pune? I asked.
Just routine. You know what, Im lucky to have a brother like you. In todays time we can manage to make 
good friends with whom we can go out and have fun, but it is difficult to have a brother who can 
understand you and really sit down and listen to you.
I love you, Adi, Rohith said sounding senti all of a sudden.
Are you sure youre drinking tea or it is it bhaang?
Fuck off, yaar. Im serious, he said getting annoyed.
Rohith was my cousin who stayed in Pune at NIBM and we were friends more than brothers. There was 
nothing hidden between us and he was the only one in the family who knew everything about me. 
Similarly, even he never kept any secrets from me. I had many relatives in Pune and Rohith was one of 
them. Whenever I got a chance to visit Pune, Id make sure I meet him. I always felt comfortable with 
him and Rohith too liked discussing his life with me alone, though he had other cousins too. He never 
liked talking about personal stuff with other members of his family.
How is Zoya? Is everything all right now between you two? I asked. The last I spoke with him, he had 
told me about the issues he was facing with his current girlfriend.
Things are getting worse. I have planned something for her to surprise her but dont know if itll work. I 
should have realized that inter-caste relationships are not easy.
Dont worry. Chill. And how is your sexy French teacher? Are you still taking classes from her?
Yes, we are more like friends and she knows about my love life as well. She is the one I share everything 
with in your absence, he answered.
Does she still show interest in you? I asked with curiosity. Rohith had mentioned once that she liked him.
Rohith had completed his BA from Wadia College and had joined a reputed company recently. He had a 
passion to learn French and wanted to Major in the language. Thus he had decided to take special 
classes in his free time to learn French which is where he met the teacher who took a sudden liking to 
him.
I think so. She is a couple of years older than me. How does it matter anyway? I love Zoya, Rohith 
replied.
You are seriously lucky. An older woman lusting after you. Gosh, I have always fantasized about my 
teachers having a crush on me, but they always threw me out of their classes instead, I winked.
After talking for some time, we left and went back home. Everyone always asks me how Rohith and I gel 
so well with each other, and I say to them We just understand each other. There were times when we 
both wouldnt say anything to each other but knew what we needed. We would talk every night on the 
phone and my mom would end up asking how we always had so much to say to each other. Id always 
tell her We are best friends, not brothers. Family has nothing to do with blood. Family is the people you 
love and the people who count on you and love you right back. I loved Rohith and he counted on me.
 
I decided to stay back in Pune for a few days. I needed a change from my hectic life. Rohith and I ended 
up missing a family function just to hang out together. We needed a reason to skip it anyway, and 
hanging out together seemed like the best one. So, we decided to chill and enjoy our time together at 
Dhuaa. The place served one of the best hookahs in the city. It had an amazing ambience and the 
beautiful rooftop view of the city was utter perfection. We ordered Jannat Hookah that had a special 
base of vodka and whiskey.
You want to order starters? I asked Rohith once our Hookah was served.
Lets order some Pattaya?
Pattaya was his favourite disha Malaysian dish made by wrapping chicken fried rice in fried egg. Rohith 
inhaled the drags of smoke one after the other, excitedly, and felt a little tipsy after sometime because 
of the alcohol base of the hookah.
You are acting like a guy who, upon seeing a naked girl after years, pounces on her instantly and 
climaxes within minutes. Youre only human, Rohith, so enjoy the foreplay, the flavour, I teased 
snatching the pipe from him.
I am just bit upset because of Zoya. Im confused if I should let her go or hold on to her, he added.
Let time decide. You dont have to think about it. Nothings in our hands. Ultimately the person who is 
meant to be with you will stay and the rest will leave, in their own time, I said trying to console him.
I hope the surprise date that I have planned for her changes her decision of moving on.
Take it easy, Rohith. I mean, go slow on the hookah. It will be difficult to handle you later, I joked to 
lighten up his mood. We soon left for Rohiths house.
Due to the family get together, everyone had gone to our farmhouse in Baner, so thered be only the two 
of us in his house at night. I was partially happy about that since I would not have to worry about getting 
Rohith home so drunk, even though Rohith was having difficulty to walk even a few metres by himself.
Somehow I managed to drag Rohith out of Dhuaa in his intoxicated state. We searched for an auto as we 
had no other mode of conveyance. His parents had taken the car with them, and he had left his bike at 
the service centre. I had always hated public transport facilities in Pune and that night was no different. 
No one was ready to come to NIBM area and with no options left, we started walking to his home. 
Rohith kept his hands around my shoulder and was walking with my support. Suddenly, a gang of girls on 
bikes slowed down near us and started passing lewd comments.
Champu, are you both gay? one of the girls shouted.
I couldnt see their faces as they had scarves covering ittypical Punekar biker style. When I turned 
towards Rohith, I realized why they were teasing us. Rohith was leaning on my shoulder, and it almost 
looked like he was kissing me. By the time I shifted Rohiths weight on my other shoulder, an auto 
stopped beside us. Without telling him where to go, we both sat inside and told the driver to drive 
straight. The girls disappeared after a few seconds.
Rohith yaar. You embarrassed me in front of the hot chicks! Behave, you asshole, I shouted.
What did I do? I was just resting my head because of the terrible headache I have, Rohith muttered.
Dammit. Do you realize how hot they were? Your drunkenness has cost me a chance to score with them. 
They looked so ravishing in those tiny shorts. We could have
I was about to complete my statement when the gang appeared again and started passing the same 
comments. Rohith was again leaning on my shoulder the way a girlfriend leans on her boyfriend.
You both look like youre made for each other. You can continue romancing. We are not looking at you, 
one of them shouted and they all started laughing loudly.
Rohith looked at them but didnt react.
If theyre so interested in our love-life, ask them to join us and we can have a groupsome!  I whispered in 
Rohiths ears.
Rohith, clearly not in his senses, asked them if they were interested in joining us.
No, were not gay like you, one girl in teeny-tiny shorts replied.
I couldnt control my laughter any longer. I knew they would tease him more and thats why I provoked 
him to tease them as well. The trick worked and soon the girls left us to our misery. Rohith started 
insisting I drop him off at his French tutors house. I tried to calm him down and change his mind, but he 
kept insisting, saying that he would be back in an hour. I took the house keys from him and dropped him 
at his tutors apartment which was not that far from his place. I waited in the auto till Rohith entered her 
apartment. Once he did, I left.
 
Her apartment was on the second floor. Rohith rang the bell to her apartment a couple of times.
Riddhima, its me, Rohith. Open the door.
Coming! Just hold on for a second, Riddhima shouted from the kitchen.
After completing her education in Pune, Riddhima had chosen to stay in the city that she had grown to 
love over the years. She taught French in her free time. She was short, with a wheatish complexion and 
sharp, bright eyes. With her amazing way of speaking and great presence of mind, she could win 
anyones heart. She always lived for the moment and believed Unplanned moments are always better 
than planned ones. Her short hair suited her personality and her perfect curves made her look amazing, 
no matter what she wore. She had a tattoo on her upper back that give her an edgy look. She was an 
independent girl who would spend hours wearing makeup. She also loved wearing junk jewellery. She 
had been teaching Rohith for quite some time now and since they belonged to the same age group, they 
just clicked. She treated Rohith more as a friend than a student. Somewhere in the corner of her heart, 
she had developed feelings for Rohith despite knowing that he loved Zoya. However, she kept her hopes 
up as she was also aware of the complications in Rohith and Zoyas relationship.
Rohith, what are you doing here so late? she asked.
Nothing. I have a terrible headache.
Rohith was so drunk that he almost lost his balance. Riddhima helped him sit on the sofa.
Are you drunk? she asked just to confirm.
No. I tried hookah with a liquor base. I am feeling a little tipsy, thats all. I am really ok, he answered.
You said that your cousin Aditya was in town. Where is he now? She was still confused by Rohiths 
unexpected visit.
Yeah, I was with him. He dropped me here and went back home, Rohith said trying to regain his senses.
So why arent you going home? You parents must be worried about you, Rohith, she said in concern.
Dont worry, they are not at home. I will go back in a while. Im meeting Zoya tomorrow, Rohith 
stammered.
He rested his head on Riddhimas shoulder and kept repeating Zoyas name as he slowly dozed off to 
sleep. The closeness made Riddhima feel a bit uncomfortable. She gently put his head down on the sofa 
while running her fingers through his hair. She felt an urge to hug him back and to continue doing so the 
entire night. She wished he would utter her name instead of Zoyas, and make love to her, but that 
clearly wasnt going to happen. Somehow, she managed to keep a check on her emotions. She wished 
they were dating but knew that he liked someone else. She thought that she was the right one for him. 
Sadly, some people are meant to fall in love and even meant to be together, but not as couples. Only as 
friends. 
It s Hard to Let Go
Rohith, your cell has been vibrating since ages. Get up sleepyhead; its eight in the morning! Riddhima 
screamed holding a cup of coffee in her hand. RiddhiyouI slept here? Oh God! Aditya must be so worried 
about me, Rohith said jumping out of the bed.
He had spent the night at Riddhimas home, unable to recall anything about the previous night. Riddhima 
reminded him that he had to meet Zoya. Rohith rushed out of her house without drinking the cup of 
coffee she had made for him.
I was fast asleep in Rohiths bedroom when he suddenly entered and quickly latched the door behind 
him.
What the fuck? Is this the time to come home? Bastard, you told me that you were dating Zoya, and 
now here you are, coming back after spending the night at Riddhimas home! I screamed.
Shut up, Adi. I will explain everything to you later. And yes, I am still dating Zoya, and Im going to spend 
the entire day with her today. Do you have a problem with that? he said recklessly and hurriedly left to 
take a shower.
Within minutes, he was dressed. He took his bag and tiptoed to the exit door. I was worried because I 
knew Id be the one in trouble. No excuse sounded good enough.
What am I going to tell your parents? They reached at dawn, so they are fast asleep at the minute, I said 
in a hushed tone, afraid the noise would wake up our parents.
Oh, thank God. That means the car is back. I was worried Id have to take the auto again. Tell them 
anything you wish. I am leaving. Bye.
Saying that he left. I looked at him leave and broke into a huge smile, because it was exactly the thing I 
wouldve done had I been in his place. After all, you tend to act stupid when youre in love. There are 
three things a person needs to be happy: work, friends, and somebody to love. Rohith was fighting for 
the third one. The love of his life, Zoya!
 
Zoya was a simple girl hailing from a conservative Muslim family in Pune. She had been in a relationship 
with Rohith for almost a year now. She was tall, fair, with black eyes that were always outlined with dark 
kohl. She looked extremely cute with her nose ring and jhumkaas. She had a flawless skin that anyone 
could gaze at for hours without blinking. She preferred wearing Indian clothes, and salwar-kameez was 
her favourite choice of outfit. She looked pretty elegant in one as well. She was not a regular city girl 
who spent too much time bothering about her looks. The simplicity in her thoughts made her different 
from the rest. Her dimpled smile drove guys crazy and Rohith would constantly tease her that if their 
children didnt get the same dimples, he would divorce her. She was a regular blood donor and wanted 
to work for a NGO.
Her family was against love marriage and especially against an inter-caste one. Hence, she decided to hit 
the brakes on her relationship with Rohith even though she loved him. It was a big day for Rohith as he 
wanted to convince Zoya to change her decision and fight for their relationship. He picked Zoya up from 
the main highway. She looked cute in her white salwar-kameez. She wore the earrings Rohith had given 
her on her birthday.
Where are we going? she asked in her mesmeric voice.
Shush. You are not going to ask any questions today. You are just going to enjoy our date, Rohith smiled 
looking at her and kissed her hand. They both took their respective seats and Rohith soon drove away to 
the outskirts of Pune.
Anything special today? she asked again.
How is it possible for someone to be this cute? You are, seriously, one cute baby. I love you so much, 
said Rohith pulling her cheeks as she leaned on him.
Rohith had planned to spend some time with Zoya at Tiger Point in Lonavla. He had even planned a few 
surprises for her just to make her feel special. As they reached the express highway, he played soft 
music and asked her to open the box kept on the dashboard.
What is this? she asked in amazement.
Open it. Its full of love. I know I dont need to prove my love but I just wanted to express it to you this 
one time.
She opened it to find a letter hidden inside. A letter written on a red paper that was shaped like a rose 
petal. She glanced at Rohith once and started reading it.
I love you. Ever since you came into my life, Ive looked forward to each daywatching the early morning 
sunrise with you in my bed, dozing off under the dark blue skies, beneath a zillion stars. You make me 
feel as no one else does. I like the person I am when Im with you. You bring out a part of me that I never 
knew existed. You made me turn into a better person. I now have a reason to live; a cause, a reason to 
believe in all the wonderful moments in life. You took my heart away and turned me into an ocean of 
love, and you saw in me all the qualities that no one else could ever see. You gave me respect, love, 
care, and peace. Yes, I love you, for all these special qualities and so much more. I love you for being 
yourself, and I love you because of the person you made me. Please, be with me forever. As long as you 
are by my side, I can fight the whole world but I cant stand to be alone. I love you, Zoya. I really do.
Zoya had tears in her eyes. She tumed her gaze away to avoid eye contact with Rohith.
She felt helpless and wanted to run away, leaving everything else behind her, but couldnt. Rohith held 
her hand and tumed her around to face him. It takes a minute to like someone but it takes a lifetime to 
forget someone. It was not easy for Zoya to live like this.
Rohith, can I ask you something? she asked.
Rohith nodded.
You think Ill be able to live happily without you? she said as tear rolled down her cheek.
Zoya, I know you cant. I know that you really love me. Thats why I am asking you to hold on. Ive always 
wanted to tell you that you have changed my life. I have started noticing the happiness that exists 
around me. I really dont know how or when you became this huge part of my life, but I do know that I 
want to be with you, forever.
Silence filled the air and both of them remained quiet, holding hands until they reached Tiger point. 
Rohith parked his car and made Zoya sit on the bonnet. He sat beside her and placed his head on her 
shoulder.
Its so pleasant here. Thank you for making my day so special, Zoya smiled.
I have another surprise for you, Rohith said as he came down to retrieve his laptop that was kept on the 
back seat.
Climbing back on the bonnet again, he played a video that he had made especially for her. The video 
was a montage of their pictures while her favourite song Tum ho toh gaata hai dil played in the 
background. A few lines appeared on the screen at the end of the video.
Jahan yaad na aaye teri, Woh tanhaai kis kaam ki.
Bigde rishte na bane, To khudaai kis kaam ki.
Beshak apni manzil tak jaana hai hamein, Lekin jahaan se apne na dikhein, Woh oonchaai kis kaam ki!
Each photograph of theirs made her smile. She got nostalgic about all the good times they had spent 
together in the past one year. These few minutes had revived all those past memories. She was 
speechless and wanted to freeze that moment. She didnt know what life had in store for her; she just 
wanted to tell the world how much she loved Rohith.
When we are in love, it feels like it will last forever. We put all our trust in the person we are in love with 
and share our darkest secrets with them too. But there comes a time when you have to take a decision 
against your choice, even when no one is at fault.
The most difficult thing to explain in life is the simplest truth called love. Zoya was not able to express 
her emotions but she, too, cried from within.
Rohith, its not working anymore. I dont want to go against my parents and we should have thought 
about it long back. It would be better if we stopped everything now.
Its not easy for me either, but its the only option I have left, Zoya cried.
We can handle this, Zoya. Please, be patient. We will make them understand and tell them about us. 
Everyone will approve, Rohith pleaded with her.
No, Rohith. Its not possible. You know how my family is. They are very conservative and they will never 
approve of our relationship. I thought about it a few days back when I heard Abbu talking about my 
marriage and he got angry when my mom requested him to ask for my approval first.
Please, Zoya. Dont give up like this. We should give it another shot. Its better than regretting it our 
entire lives, Rohith said with tears in his eyes.
Why dont you understand? I am already so tense; please dont make me weaker. You are my strength 
and you must always smile. I talked to your sister and she agrees with me, too.
When did you talk to her?
A few days back, post my discussion with Abbu about our marriage.
Rohith tried to make her understand that everything would work out if they both stayed firm on their 
decision, but Zoya didnt have the courage to go against her family. Rohith stopped the conversation 
short and bought some Pakodas for them. To lighten the mood, he told her about what had happened 
the night before. She managed to smile. Rohith continuously checked the time on his watch, waiting for 
the right moment to surprise her, one last time.
He kept his fingers crossed and a few minutes later, Zoya received the final surprise of the day. She 
received a text message on her mobile from Rohith. He had sent her a message through an online SMS 
site. Zoya was surprised to receive the sudden text message and started reading it aloud,
When I met you, I thought it would last forever. I never thought that there would l be a moment in our 
lives when we would part ways. I know you love me and really care about me. I know you want me to 
smile even when youre no longer by my side. I know you want me to enjoy my life even when you wont 
be with me. I know that you want me to always take care of myself. Ok, I will. I will do everything that 
you want me to. I promise. I wont hurt myself. I will eat my food on time and even sleep on time. But its 
not just about me, sweetheart. I assure you that I will do everything that you want, but can you give me 
the same assurance? I know that this our last date, probably
Zoya put the phone away. She did not have the courage to read any further. There were tears streaming 
down her cheeks. She kept her mobile inside and hugged Rohith. They were so engrossed in hugging 
each other that they didnt even realize that it had started to rain. Each raindrop that fell on them 
brought them closer and Zoya was able to hide her tears behind the raindrops. They hugged like there 
was no tomorrow. Probably even their soul could feel that it would be their last touch. It started raining 
heavily but Rohith and Zoya didnt move an inch from the bonnet of the car. Resting their back on the 
glass, they made love to each other, one last time.
 
Rohith dropped Zoya home in the evening and requested her to think over her decision once more. 
Though she agreed, somehow he knew that it was over. But as always, his heart ruled over his brain and 
even the thought of living a life without her made him shiver. He was not ready to accept it, and 
entertained the fantasies of things somehow working out. He saw a hidden glimmer of hope somewhere 
though he had a clear indication it was over.
Nothing seems to be working anymore, Rohith said as he reached home.
If you are not meant to be together then its not going to work. I know its easy to say all this but thats the 
fact, and you cant change it, I said trying to make him understand.
For the first time Ive known what it feels like to love someone. I know Riddhima has feelings for me too. 
But I somehow want to be with Zoya though it seems like a distant possibility now. But I dont want to 
give up on Zoya so easily.
Look Rohith, you cant force someone to love you, and by forcing, you dont prove your love, you prove 
that you are weak and immature. So dont behave like one.
I knew it was not easy to forget someone so easily. I had gone through a similar situation in my life as 
well. It doesnt matter how long you were together, the mere thought of being alone leads to depression 
and a feeling of hopelessness encloses you. Strange is the world of love where you find so many reasons 
to keep going, yet you choose to avoid listening to your heart and just one reason is reason enough to 
move on.
Rohith logged on to his Gtalk once I went to sleep. He wanted someone with whom he could share his 
pain. More than that, he needed that one person who could support him in his decision to not let go. He 
felt Vikki was the one who would understand him well as he was waiting for his relationship to click. 
They greeted each other and started chatting.
Rohith: I am losing the love of my life, slowly and painfully. You are lucky, my friend, that you have your 
best friend and your love by your side.
Vikki: Dont be so sad. You are not losing anything. Its her loss that she is going away from you. And 
keep your hopes alive. Who knows, maybe she will change her mind?
Rohith: I dont know. I am totally confused. I understand that going against your family is not easy but 
somewhere I feel there is some other reason behind it. I can somehow sense it.
Vikki: Relax. And never say that you are alone. I remember you mentioning something about your 
teacher who understands your feelings, right? 
Rohith: Riddhima. Yeah, she does. She really supports me and is really sweet.
Vikki: See, you have an option. Dont worry. Just chill. Plus you have me to count on as well. If you 
need anything or if you feel alone, just buzz me. I will be there.
Rohith: Thanks. Whats happening with you?
Vikki: Dude, I have my dance competition coming up and I am super tense as I am the
Shakti Kapoor of dancing.
Rohith: Ha ha. Best of luck bro.
Rohith logged out just when he received a call from Riddhima. She was worried about him and had 
called to see how he was doing. She wanted things to get back to normal between Rohith and Zoya as 
she wanted to see Rohith happy and his happiness lied in Zoya. When she came to know what had 
happened, she tried to lift his morale by telling him shell be by his side, come what may.
Rohith, I know this is not the right time to tell you this but I really care about you and cant see you like 
this. Smile for me, at least. Whenever you feel low, you will always find me holding your hand and 
walking with you, Riddhima said expressing her feelings.
I know and I am lucky to have you with me. I hope my life gets back on track soon.
Love you for whatever you are doing for me, Rohith said emotionally and hung up.
Riddhima prayed for Rohiths well-being and happiness.
Love surprises us in unexpected ways, in ways that are beyond our comprehension. Its never the sweet 
words or the mushy gifts that matter. What matters more are little things like caring about someone 
and not being able to sleep till youre sure that the one you love is safe and sound. On one side, there 
was Riddhima who really loved Rohith and wanted to live her life with him, and on the other hand there 
was Zoya who really loved Rohith but had ruined every possibility of a future with him. Rohith was lonely 
and felt alone even when there were two girls in his life who really loved him. He cared about Zoya and 
trusted her completely. But he knew that when you completely trust a person with all your heart, you 
either get a friend for life or a lesson for life!
Then, there was Vikki who loved Mahek and wanted to spend his entire life with her and there was 
Kavya who always stood by his side and was a really good friend to him. Rohith and Vikki were not 
exactly the closest of friends, but knew that they had each others backs. A relationship does not need 
promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people that click!
Life is Not Always Fair
Mid-August, 2009
The dance competition at Biosis College was inching closer to its date. Meena wouldve never agreed to 
dance with Vikki if it wasnt for the fun they had been having lately. She knew that he wasnt really 
interested in the dance competition, yet she decided to teach him the basics and teamed up with him. 
Solo dance is comparatively easier compared to group dancing as it doesnt require co-ordination 
between two people and some mistakes can be overlooked. But in salsa, it was unacceptable for them 
to make even a minute error. Mahek wanted to win this competition because it wouldve helped her 
move a step closer to fulfilling her dream. She was tense as the competition was hardly a few days away 
and Vikki was still not getting the moves right.
Mahek used to teach Vikki salsa daily and they would practice endlessly to get the moves right at 
Vikkis apartment. With each passing day, his dancing improved but the chemistry between them was 
lacking as Vikki was focusing more on the legs than the eyes. It had to be effortless dancing but it 
seemed as though he was forcing his legs to move back and forth and he always had trouble knowing 
when to pause. Vikki always made a mistake around beat four when he was supposed to pause.
Vikki, how many times have I told you to let your body loose while dancing? Dont be stiff. You keep 
committing the same mistake all over again and you are not concentrating on the pauses, Meena said 
irritably.
What sort of a stupid dance form is this? Let me teach you the Nashik dhol dance.
There are no pauses in it, said Vikki.
Classy people learn salsa while others do the naagin dance, she shot back at him.
Oh, please. Anyway, chuck it. Lets practice, Vikki said, keeping his hands on her waist.
Move your right foot first. Imagine where you are standing as point 1, then point 2 is about a foot in 
front of you, and point 3 is about a foot behind you. Now move, rhythmically, Mahek guided him as their 
eyes met.
They came closer as they danced to the point that they were almost touching each other. Their faces 
were so close that their lips almost met as well. Vikki held her firmly by her waist and brought her 
even closer. He could feel her breath on his neck. Vikki was about to lean in and kiss her when the bell 
rang. Meena regained her composure and pushed Vikki away while his heart skipped a beat, the way 
it does when someone catches you watching porn.
Vikki opened the door to find Kavya standing in front of him.
Kavya, you should have messaged me before coming, Vikki screamed.
Shut up. I am not here to meet you. I have come to meet Mahek. Where is she? she said walking inside 
the bedroom and continued, Oh, there you are! Meena, I just asked the organizers when your is act. 
They told me you both will be performing third.
Meenas nervousness was clearly visible on her face. She was almost on the verge of crying because she 
knew how desperately she wanted to win the competition. Vikki could sense her tension and see the 
tears in her eyes as they stood there, staring at each other. He went closer to her and gave her a pat on 
the back, assuring her that they would win the competition, easily. He decided to get serious about 
winning the competition since it mattered so much to her.
Do you want to something to eat? Vikki asked both of them.
What all do you have? I am really hungry, Kavya replied.
Oh, madam. This is not a hotel. Its my house.
Can you make Egg Bhurji for me? Meena said in a sweet voice.
Yeah, yeah. He will. He is an awesome cook. You should taste him. I mean something made by him, 
Kavya teased.
Vikki threw a pillow at her as he walked into the kitchen. Meena looked down in awkwardness. As 
Kavya lay down on the bed, she noticed that Vikki had cleaned his room and everything was in its 
place. Kavya thought it odd as she had seen his room clean for the first time in her life. She was 
surprised to see this sudden change in him. She never missed an opportunity to pull his leg and now she 
would tease him all the more since she had the upper hand knowing Vikki would keep his mouth 
sealed in front of Mahek.
Mahek, you should have seen this room a few days back. It looked so sexy, Kavya said in a high pitch, 
making sure Vikki heard her.
Will you keep your mouth shut? Vikki shouted from inside.
Mahek was curious to know more and kept asking her how the room looked. Vikki tried hard to keep 
her quiet but to no avail.
This rope thats hanging above your head was previously being used to dry his underwear and dirty 
towels, Kavya laughed.
Ewww, Mahek said making a face while Vikki ran to the kitchen saying Fuck off.
They both started to tease him endlessly. Kavya gave fuel to fire by adding that the undergarments had 
holes in them. Mahek and Kavya were rolling on the floor with laughter, making fun of Vikki. He was 
still in the kitchen listening to all the comments that both the girls were passing. He couldnt take it 
anymore. The Egg Bhurji was ready and so was Vikki. Instead of bringing plates from the kitchen, he 
brought a bucket of cold water from the washroom and spilled it on both of them.
What the fuck! Are you crazy? I am not going to spare you now, Kavya added and ran towards him to 
take revenge.
He ran into the hall where Kavya followed him while Meena connected the pipe from the washroom and 
splashed water on him.
Ok, stop! Im sorry. Stop it. The electronic items will get wet, Vikki pleaded with both the girls pointing 
to his TV and speakers.
Mahek shut the tap, worried that theyd alarm the neighbour with their screaming and yelling. They took 
a deep breath and everyone smiled looking at each other. They eventually cleared the mess that they 
had created and changed into Vikkis clothes. Vikki served them the Bhurji and turned on the 
television.
Hows it? he asked looking at the girls.
Its yummy. I love the way it tastes. We get a similar tasting Bhurji at some place on FC road. I am crazy 
about it, Meena said licking her fingers.
Its seriously good, Kavya added.
Vikki glanced at Mahek and caught her looking back at him. He was pleased to know that she liked his 
cooking. They exchanged smiles with each other. There was something that held them together. 
Something that made them better together. Something that made them more than just friends.
But with all the fun that the trio had together, somewhere in their minds, there was also the pressure of 
winning the competition. Vikki decided that he would take the competition seriously for the entire 
week and practice hard so that Mahek could reach closer to her dream. Her dream and passion was his 
now.
 
When you set your heart on something and put all your efforts into making your dream turn into a 
reality, nothing can stop you from achieving it. Vikki practiced hard the entire week as he knew how 
important the win was to Mahek. With each passing day, he even mastered the foot movements and his 
pauses perfectly. It wasnt surprising that with each passing day Vikki and Mahek not only coordinated 
well physically, they were connected in their minds too. You meet a person and instantly know that 
youre going to be best friends with that person. Just because youre a grown up doesnt mean that you 
dont need someone to confide in. In fact, amid the complexities of life, you need that special person to 
share your life with. But the important thing to remember is that there should be a sense of mutual 
respect and indefinite care for each other.
Just the thought of asking her to be a part of his life made him shiver. Moreover, due to
Maheks nervousness, even Vikki was feeling uneasy. The competition was hardly a day away and the 
pressure of performing well and winning made him nervous. He feared that if they lost the competition, 
he may lose Mahek forever. He feared that if they didnt perform well, Mahek would stop talking to him 
and they will cease to be even friends.
He feared Mahek would end up regretting letting him dance with her.
This fear and the nervousness made him take a drastic step. He made up his mind to meet with the 
seniors who were competing with them. He didnt know them personally, but thought of interacting with 
them once before the competition. His big idea was to plead with them one night before to let them 
win. At that point, he was willing to do anything to win the competition as well as Maheks heart.
After dinner, he went to college alone without informing Kavya and Meena about his plan. If he would 
have disclosed his plan to them, they would have never allowed him to proceed with it. Hence, he 
decided to go alone to the college auditorium where the seniors were practicing. With heavy steps, he 
walked towards the stage where a group of students were practicing their moves to the beats of the 
music. He stopped at the main door to the auditorium and thought once again whether he was doing 
the right thing or not, but his mind had taken over and he couldnt think of any other way of winning this 
competition than plead with them. He was ready to pay any price for it. He walked through the darkness 
of the corridor and entered the auditorium. The main lights were on and there were a couple of groups 
who were practicing on stage. Some other students were just standing about and watching them dance. 
He walked towards them with shivering legs. He was brave enough to have a talk with them, but was 
afraid about the outcome. What if they didnt agree? What if they told Mahek about his little stunt? He 
made his mind up; it was now or never.
Yes, you there, mister. Any problem? one of them asked Vikki as he stood looking clueless in front of 
everyone.
I wanted to confess something I need a favour, Vikki stammered.
What favour?one of the girls asked.
There were around four girls and five guys in front of him out of which a couple of them were practicing 
while the others were seated.
Im in love with a girl and I need to win the salsa competition for her, Vikki stated, avoiding all eye 
contact with them.
So how can we help you?
I want you to lose tomorrow and Im ready to do anything in return. Whatever you ask for. But let me 
win tomorrow. I really love her and I cant live without her. Please, For you it is just a competition but for 
me it is
Before Vikki could finish the sentence, he received a huge blow on his face from one of the guys. The 
next moment Vikki was lying on the floor, bleeding from his lips.
Why are youI am just requestingDid I he stammered.
No sooner had he managed to get up that he received another punch from the other guy, but this time 
it was on his chest. The guy hit him so hard that he fell crashing on the floor.
Youre trying to act smart, haan? Bloody loser. You want us to lose in front of you?
You dont have the guts to prove your love by winning and you want us to lose for you.
Ha ha, one of the guys shouted post kicking him in the stomach.
Fuck off, you cheapo, the girl screamed and asked him to get lost.
Everyone teased him and made fun of him. No one would have ever agreed to lose, no matter how 
much he pestered. One of the students was kind enough to get him some water. Vikki refused and left 
the auditorium, wounded and weak. With each lie that you come up with, you change the nature of your 
relationship. Vikki had not only lied to his love but even to his best friend, and now he felt nothing but 
heartbroken and guilty. After practicing so hard for a week, he should have trusted himself and his 
dancing capability. He shouldnt have gone so far as to plead with the other contestants, but the fear of 
losing the love of his life had made him lose his mind.
 
It was D-day and Biosis College was all set for a dance competition. One could sense the excitement that 
filled the entire auditorium and everyone was ready to set the stage on fire. Kavya was waiting for 
Vikki and Mahek, arranging their costumes and taking care of other small things. She was equally 
nervous as she knew both of them had put a lot of effort in preparing for the competition. She called 
Vikki to confirm whether he had left for college or not.
I am reaching in 10 minutes, Vikki said and disconnected the call.
He was worried because of the drama that had happened last night. He just hoped that all those present 
during the incident had kept their mouth shut and didnt go around gossiping about it. After returning 
home last night, he was not able to sleep and kept thinking about what he had done in a fit of panic and 
nervousness. Somehow, he regained his lost confidence because it was a matter of his self-respect, 
dignity, and ego. He wanted to win this not only for Mahek but to prove that he was not a cheapo as the 
girl had called him. He reached college and went straight backstage.
What happened to you? Kavya asked in a state of shock when she saw the cuts on Vikkis lips.
Nothing, just
You got into a fight with someone? Tell me the truth, Vikki, she shouted in concern.
I will tell you later. Where is Mahek? Vikki said trying to locate her.
She has not reached yet, Kavya replied.
Kavya could sense something fishy but didnt bother Vikki too much so he remains focused on his 
performance. The show had begun but still there were no sign of Meena.
This worried her more. She asked her other friends and even some professors about her whereabouts 
but no one seemed to know where she was. Even her mobile phone was switched off. Vikki searched 
for her in the entire campus but couldnt trace her anywhere. The first performers were already done 
and the second group came on stage. Luck favoured them as the judges announced they were going to 
take a short break after the second performance. This bought them some more time to locate Meena.
She must be stuck in traffic, it seems, Vikki comforted Kavya who was getting more furious with each 
passing minute.
Vikki, something is wrong. Tell me what happened. Where is Meena? Is she alright?
Did anything happen to her last night? Kavya panicked.
It would be better if we looked for her rather than discussing about what happened yesterday. Do you 
have her parents numbers? Vikki asked.
No, I dont have their number. Wait, let me talk to the judges and see if they can reschedule our 
performance by giving us a new time slot.
Kavya went to talk to the judges but despite trying her best, she failed to convince them. You dont get 
such opportunities everyday, and if you cant make the most of it, then Im sorry, you dont even deserve 
to be here. I pity you, beta, but theres nothing we can do, said one of the judges.
Kavya returned with a sad look on her face. Vikki was still trying to convince the judges, making 
excuses, but to no use. You always realize the value of something after you lose it. Vikki couldnt digest 
the fact that it was going to end this way. Meena and Vikki had grown close because of the dance 
competition and now the reason he had taken up dance in the first place was nowhere to be found. 
Kavya couldnt believe Meena didnt turn up for such an important performance. It was her dream to get 
selected and she simply couldnt fathom why Meena didnt show up. Vikki felt guilty as he thought that 
they guys he took a panga with had done something to her. His one bad decision had screwed up their 
happiness.
There are times when you feel nothing good could possibly come your way. When dreams are shattered 
and you feel a void inside, you are rendered empty and hopeless. You try so hard to get past the 
emptiness that you know inside your soul that there is no way out. Its said that one should always follow 
his heart. But what if it leads you to a dead end?
Your Flaws Are Perfect
Oh, cheapo! What happened to your love partner? She dumped you after getting to know what a jerk 
you were last night? the same girl from that group teased him as Vikki and Kavya walked through the 
corridor.
No, She mustve been really stressed out after those long hours of practice.
The girl and her gang of friends continued passing comments till Vikki left the campus. Vikki tried to 
avoid eye contact with anyone. He still hadnt gotten over last nights episode.
Kavya was furious but didnt say a word because she knew that Vikki was hiding something. The only 
person she was concerned about at that point was Mahek. Her mobile phone was still switched off. 
Kavya walked alongside Vikki who was lost in his thoughts completely. He picked up his phone and 
messaged Mahek:
Call me as soon as you read this message.
After walking a mile, Vikki sat on a bench along the footpath. Kavya looked at him and saw tears 
rolling down his eyes.
Whats wrong, Vikki? Are you okay? she asked.
Vikki looked at her with a guilty look on his face and told her about what had happened last night. He 
narrated everything that he had gone through and also confessed that though it was wrong on his part, 
he didnt tell anyone about it. He had no idea where she was and the last time he had talked with her 
was last evening. He had messaged her before sleeping but she didnt reply. Kavya was shocked hearing 
this and almost pulled her hair out in frustration. She was unable to understand why Vikki had taken 
such a drastic step and ended up shattering everything.
I seriously dont know where Meena is and trust me, I was going to give my best performance today. I am 
afraid they either did something terrible or told Mahek everything, Vikki cried.
How could you do such a stupid thing, Vikki? What was running through your mind?
You had practiced so hard and it was Meenas dream to win. You just ruined everything.
She was our friend, Kavya said in a tone of dejection.
Dammit! She was more than a friend to me. You know that. You know how much I loved her. Even I 
wanted her to win andforget it. I know I am at fault here. I am really sorry.
Vikki kept his head on her shoulder and broke down in tears. Breaking a girls heart is way worse than 
we think it to be. It destroys everythingher future relationships, her ability to love and trust someone, 
and her inner peace and calm. Vikki felt like he had broken Maheks heart which was meant to beat for 
him. He called Mahek once again but got the same response. He wanted to throw his mobile away. He 
couldnt quite interpret what his feelings for Mahek meant. Sometimes they were friends, sometimes 
they behaved like they were more than friends, and now she was behaving like a complete stranger by 
not even telling him where she was.
Kavya was worried about Meena and decided to go to her house and pay her a visit. She told Vikki to 
go back home because she didnt want to create a scene at Maheks place. Vikki let her be because he 
didnt want to create another mess. Kavya assured him that she will meet him at his home after sorting 
things out with Mahek. The worst thing in life is not losing the one you love, its losing yourself in the 
process of loving someone too much. Vikki felt that he was addicted to Mahek and she was the only 
drug that could soothe his pain.
Vikki reached home and as he entered the bedroom, he recollected the moments he had spent with 
Meena. He opened his laptop and scrolled through their pictures that Kavya had taken of them while 
practicing their dance moves these past couple of days. Unable to bear her absence any longer, he shut 
down his laptop and was about to fall asleep when he saw a book on the table. It was Maheks personal 
diary. She had forgotten it at his place during dance practice. Vikki opened it and flipped through the 
pages to find his name sketched on one of the pages. He froze for a moment and his heart skipped a 
beat. What did it mean? Did she harbor feelings for him as well? He closed his eyes and wished for 
Meenas happiness although he knew that he could no longer be the reason for her happiness anymore. 
He wasnt happy either, but he took out his mobile from his pocket and sent her a message:
I just saw the diary in which you had written my name. You left it for me intentionally, didnt you? Was it 
your way of letting me know about your feelings once we were done with our performance? This, in 
itself, shows that we are more than just friends. I know I hurt you but trust me, it was never planned. I 
used to pray for us to be alone, because I know we wouldnt ever run of things to say. Were both such 
freakswe couldve put silly acts up for days, but you left. You didnt even think about expressing your 
feelings? Not even once? You should have talked with me before disappearing into thin air. We could 
have sorted this out. I remember sitting next to you and occasionally trying to look into your eyes. It was 
different. The silence in that moment filled me with a warm happiness, like I had swallowed something 
too hot too fast. Meena, cant you forgive me? Seriously, I feel like youre the password to my life. In your 
absence, Im denied access to everything. I can neither drink nor eat.
The message didnt reach her because her phone was switched off. He called Kavya up to ask how Mahek 
was doing.
Is she at home? Vikki asked as soon as Kavya answered the call.
Yes. She is at home but doesnt want to talk to you. Shes just a bit upset, Kavya said.
Oh, thank God shes alright. What happened?
I will tell you everything once I reach your place. Dont take too much stress, Kavya added.
Vikki heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that Meena was alright and nothing had happened to her. 
At the same time, he felt heartbroken when he realized that she was avoiding him on purpose. He tried 
to erase the last few hours from his memory and tried to get some sleep. Its said that you feel better 
when you dont think about whats bothering you, but when you care too much, everything reminds you 
of it. Every corner of his house reminded him of Mahek and he felt suffocated by it. The way she 
splashed water on him, the way they danced, the way they completed their assignments and so on. 
Sometimes, we play with love, but when you finally realize that you want to get serious, love plays with 
you.
 
Meenas residence
Do you know how many times we tried calling you? How can you be so irresponsible? It was all that you 
had been waiting foryour dream! And you gave it all up! For what? Kavya bombarded Mahek with a 
million unanswered questions.
Kavya had come visiting without informing her and found her sitting on the bed, depressed and alone. 
Meena sat with a dazed-like expression on her face, choosing to not answer any of Kavyas questions.
Will you speak up, for gods sake?! Kavya said raising her voice.
Meena finally broke her silence.
I didnt feel like participating today. I realized that winning a competition is worthless when you have lost 
something more important in life.
Will you jump straight to the point? Kavya requested. She couldnt take the suspense anymore.
Yes, I couldnt stop thinking about it last night. The fact that I wouldnt have ever found out whether I had 
won because of my talent and passion or because of Vikkis false methods was reason enough for me 
to hold back. What do you mean? Kavya asked curiously.
I had gone to college last night and I saw Vikki in the corridor. I was about to call him but he went 
inside the auditorium. When I went towards the auditorium, I saw Vikki talking about something to 
the seniors. Then I listened carefully and saw him pleading to them, begging them to let us win because 
he wanted to win my love and could do anything for me. I left immediately and got back home weeping. 
I felt badI felt guilty. I felt cheated upon.
Do you know anything about what happened later? Kavya asked.
Meena told her that she had left soon after and didnt know what occurred next. Kavya conveyed to her 
everything that had happened so far and how badly Vikki had been beaten by them. She even told her 
that Vikki practiced their dance routine alone the entire night as this victory meant more to him than 
it did to her.
He loves you. Ive known him for ages and I have never seen him act like this before. He has transformed 
into a different and a better person since meeting you. He was just afraid of losing you because he knew 
how important winning the competition was to you. He didnt make any wrong deals with them and 
today if you both had won, it would have been because of your mere talent and nothing else. Why the 
hell would you back out? Why? Was it so easy for you, Meena? We had dreamt of winning this together, 
Kavya shouted.
No, it wasnt easy. And I wasnt aware of the fact that they hurt Vikki. I just didnt want to win the 
competition by sacrificing Vikkis self-respect. I thought that winning that competition would inevitably 
make Vikki look weak in front of those seniors; his selfrespect was at stake. I cant see him lose his 
dignity in front of anyone just because of me. I know that he is very strong, mentally, but I felt like Im 
the one who pressurized him and made it so hard for him. I constantly asked him whether we could 
perform to the best of our abilities or not. No Kavya, I didnt want to win by losing my way in life. His 
dignity and his self-respect mean much more to me than my dreams. Kavya was speechless and just 
stared at her without blinking.
Do you mean.youlove? she stammered.
Yes, I do. Ive loved him ever since the very first day I met him! Why did you never tell me about it? Kavya 
asked in curiosity.
Because earlier I thought that you two loved each other. You used to be together all the time and I 
thought that I might end up spoiling your relationship. So I never confessed my love for him. I realized it 
later when you and I became friends, and I planned on telling him everything today. But things didnt go 
as planned.
Everything will be fine. Just leave it to me. Kavya had a big smile on her face and hugged her.
She left Meenas home and called Vikki, asking him to meet her at Aromas. He requested her to tell 
him why, but Kavya didnt disclose anything and told him to reach there in the next couple of hours. 
Before leaving Meenas place, Kavya had planned something with her, and had a surprise waiting for 
Vikki who desperately wanted to know about Meena. He had lost all hope, but he still loved her. Little 
did he know that even she loved him.
You can pick your friends, but you dont pick who you fall in love with. Such things are beyond control. 
Though Meena had lost the competition, she was going to win her mans love. They both loved each 
other but had never expressed their feelings. Love is not about desire or wanting the person you love, its 
about finding that person to be irresistibly desirable.
 
Where are you, Kavya? Ive been waiting here for an hour. Do you mind telling me whats going on? 
Vikki screamed.
Vikki had been waiting for Kavya at Aromas caf since the past one hour but Kavya was ignoring him by 
disconnecting his calls and not replying to his messages. Finally, she called him up.
I am not coming. Go back home. I will meet you later, Kavya stated.
What the fuck do you mean by that? Are you nuts? Vikki shouted.
Everyone in the caf started staring at him. He disconnected the call and left the place. He tried to not 
think about Meena too much; he tried to let go. But this was easier said than done. She was on his mind 
24/7. Disheartened, he reached his apartment. He fished out the key from his pocket and unlocked the 
door. Little did he know that the shock of his life awaited him behind the door.
The lights had been dimmed and all the curtains shut. There were ribbons hanging from the walls and 
the room was filled with red and silver heart-shaped balloons. As he took a deep breath, Vikki sniffed 
the aroma of scented candles that had been lit at different places in the room. Rose petals were 
scattered on the floor. Since it was still quite dark, it was difficult to make out if someone else was 
present in the room or not. His phone beeped and he read Kavyas text.
Its your day darling. This is what youve always wanted and here it is. Live the moment. I hope you like 
the arrangement and the decorations. I also hope that you will understand why I asked you to meet me 
at the coffee shop. Thats the advantage of having a spare set of keys to your house. My party is due. I 
am not going to spare you. I will meet you tomorrow; today you should focus on your love life. Happy 
Valentines Day. I know its not Valentines, but for you it might turn out to be one. Love you, my dumbo. 
Dont forget to kiss her. Lol. Bye.
Vikki looked around to see if he could spot someone. There was a picture frame mounted on one of 
the walls. He moved closer to see the frame. It was a picture of Meena with her arms around him, 
practicing one of their dance moves. They were looking into each others eyes, as if deeply in love. There 
were a few more pictures of them that had been put up on the wall. Right next to the photo frame was a 
note.
One look at it and he knew it was Maheks handwriting. Life becomes romantic when our eyes start 
looking at someone silently, but it turns more romantic when that someone starts reading those eyes 
silently.
Vikkis heartbeats increased as he walked slowly towards his bedroom. He couldnt believe what he 
was witnessing. He felt as if he was watching a dream and someone would soon spill the water on him 
and wake him up. But it was all real. Just a few minutes back he had thought that he had lost his love 
forever, but here she was, waiting in the room for him. Vikki opened the door and saw that even the 
bedroom had been decorated in a similar manner. There were candles and red-silver balloons 
everywhere.
As he opened the door, a song started playing.
Sathiyayeh tune kya kiyaBeliya ye tune kya kiya Maine kiya tera intazarMaine kiya hai tumse pyaar.
And there she wasstanding beside the stereo in her little blue dress. Mahek looked at him and smiled a 
shy smile as he entered the room. Vikki was spellbound and his eyes popped out the way they do in 
comic films. Mahek looked ravishingthe dress clung to her like second skin and her hair blew softly in the 
air. Her eyes looked like the epitome of innocence and as she looked at him, he could not help but fall in 
love with her all over again. Her sensual, glossy lips glittered like stars in the night sky. Before Vikki 
could say anything, she spoke in her mesmerizing voice,
Can I have a dance with you? Vikki was left gaping at her. There was no way he was going to deny 
himself this opportunity. He took her hand in his and swirled her around.
Itni mohabbat seh na sakunga, sach maano zinda reh na sakunga, Tujhko sambhaalu, ye mera jimma, 
mai hu toh kya hai jaane tamanna Ab jina marna mera, jaanam tere haath hai.
Toh phir sambhalle me chalaa... Jana kahaaa dil me aa!
Hand in hand, their feet moved in rhythm to the music as he held her firmly by her waist. They were 
standing so close to each other that they could inhale each others breath. They kept dancing for the 
next few minutes without speaking a word.
Vikki, I want to tell you something, said Mahek finally breaking the silence.
Yeah?
Are you sure?
About what? He knew the much awaited moment had arrived finally.
Mahek came closer and whispered something in his ear.
VikkiI wanted to tell you thatII love I love how we can just look at each other and smile.
Thats it? Vikki asked.
AndI love you.
Vikki kissed both her eyes and gently tucked behind her ear the lose strand of hair that fell on her 
forehead. He finally spoke, When I met you, I found you were an absolute sweetheart. But you are more 
than that. When I first started talking to you, I found you were a darling. But you are more than that. 
When I started to discuss my problems with you, I found you were super cute. But you are more than 
that. Everything that I had assumed about you was wrong, but one thing was rightyou are my sweet 
baby and I love you for exactly who you are. Your presence has added value to my life and I hope it 
continues like this forever. I love you too.
It was a special day for both of them. It was one of those moments that get etched in your memory for a 
lifetime. The looked into each others eyes for one more time before their lips met. His arms enveloped 
her into a hug. If anything could make her feel safe, it was a hug from him. She broke the kiss as quickly 
as it began. He leaned forward, again, as though he was seeking her approval and this time she too 
leaned closer and kissed him passionately. Everything else seemed inconsequential in that moment. It 
was a moment they would treasure all their lives. That kiss was to be the start of a beautiful 
relationship. 
Were We Never Meant to Be?
Relationships are strange and undefinable. No matter what name you give them, it all comes down to 
one thing: trust. But the funny thing is, even if you trust each other the most, if youre not meant to be 
together, you wont be. Even though Vikki and Meena had been going to the same college for over a 
year, they never noticed each other before, though their paths met time and again. Look at them 
nowtogether, in a relationship, in love.
Many a times we know in our hearts whats true and whats not. But for some people, when the truth is 
finally spoken, it brings happiness into their lives, and for some it is hard to digest the truth. When 
Meena told Vikki that she loved him, he was beyond delighted. But on the other hand, when Zoya 
spoke the truth, it completely shattered Rohith.
You know that you wont ever be happy with the decision youre making, so why are you doing this to 
yourself? asked Rohith trying to convince Zoya but nothing worked.
Zoya had called him to meet her one last time before they parted ways. The time they had spent 
together had been one of the most fulfilling experiences of her life and she wanted to end things on a 
good note. She respected him and didnt want to see him get hurt.
Rohith, please understand that we cant be together. Just always remember that someone somewhere is 
happy knowing that you are happy. Plus, there is someone better waiting for you out there. Someone 
who will give you more love than I could ever. So always smile and I will pray to God that you may 
achieve all your dreams, Zoya said, holding his hand firmly.
How can I be happy without you? I love you, he cried.
You have to be. If you want me to be happy, then you have to do this for me.
Rohith didnt show any reaction and kept looking at her. Zoya was feeling equally bad, but she had no 
other option left. She had to sacrifice her happiness, else it would destroy his. She kissed him on his 
cheeks for the last time and somehow managed to make him smile.
Promise me something, she said.
Rohith looked at her with a quizzical expression.
Promise me, you will never keep anything hidden from melike when you find another girl to love.
Shut up, he said in annoyance. I dont think Im capable of loving anyone else but you.
Ok, should I look for someone for you instead? What kind of a girl do you like?
Like you dont know.
Listen, find a girlfriend who loves you, and dont just go by her appearance. Looks will die with time. She 
should be able to take care of you in your hard times and understand your needs. Got it?
She tried hard to get his mind off the breakup, but the fact was, whatever she said made perfect sense. 
Though Rohiths logical mind knew it, his heart was not willing to accept the truth. They hugged for the 
last time, smiled, and parted ways. There are some things we dont want to acknowledge but we have to 
accept them anyway. There are people who we cant live without but we have to sometimes let them go.
 
People say actions speak louder than words, but sometimes its the words that hurt the most. Actions 
are easy to ignore, but words hit you right where it hurts. Zoyas words had disturbed Rohith completely 
and the feeling of hopelessness engulfed him. As each day passed, he turned into more of a loner and 
avoided sharing his feelings with anyone. It was only Riddhima who consoled him and stood by him in 
those bad times. Keeping her own feelings for him aside, she helped him recover from the breakup. 
Sometimes, he shared his agony with me too.
Why is it that the people you care about the most end up making you feel so meaningless? Rohith asked 
me during one of our midnight chat sessions on the phone.
Rohith, get over it. Theres no point living in the past. Zoya is your past now. You need to understand she 
cant be in your life anymore. Instead of remembering the pain she gave you, you should be happy with 
all the memories you built with her, I said trying to make him understand.
I know, Adi. I agree with you. But sometimes it feels like I dont deserve true love in my life. I dont 
deserve happiness like the rest. Why do bad things have to happen to me every time? Why?
Love is never wrong. But your choice can be. Rohith, you have to just open your heart to someone who 
deserves it.
Saying so, I hung up the phone. I knew that the hardest thing ever is to accept that the one you chose to 
love couldnt love you back enough. It gets all the more difficult when you have to move on in life 
without the person you always thought would walk beside you. Rohith re-read all the messages that 
Zoya had sent him. He had saved some special ones in a folder and tried to delete them in a fit of anger.
He sent her a message again:
I miss you terribly. Why did you choose to walk away from me? Every bit of you is ingrained in me. The 
sound of your voice awakens my soul. I could sit here and write about what I love about you all day and I 
still wouldnt cover it all. I still feel that we are together. You havent left my thoughts. Never. Not even 
once. To put it quite simply, I miss you. I miss the way you would confide in me. I miss the stories you 
would tell me. I miss your smile. I miss every moment spent with you. I despise every moment without 
you. I could spend hours trying to explain why it still hurts, but all I wanna tell you is that I
miss you. However, I have no clue whether you do or you dont. I would have fought for you but you 
never acted like it would be worth the fight.
As always, Zoya didnt reply. When you spend so much time with another person, you get so used to 
their presence around you that their absence hurts you. Even your likes and dislikes change accordingly. 
Its completely normal to miss those moments once that person chooses to walk away from you. Your 
heart will be broken, stomped on, crushed and shattered, until you find that one person who can put it 
all back together again.
 
We never really get over the person we once loved; we just learn to keep going on with our lives, 
resigned to our fate. As time passed, Rohith too learned to deal with his past, but sometimes the 
memories of Zoya still haunted him. With time, he understood his priorities and decided to concentrate 
on what lied ahead of him rather than what he had left behind. He wanted to build his life all over again. 
He tried to keep himself busy as much as possible, not because he wanted to achieve something big, but 
because he wanted a reason to forget his past memories. Riddhima acted as a solvent to it and her 
presence in his life comforted him. With her silly jokes and comforting nature, she was able to make him 
smile.
Rohith, why are you crying? I told you that I cant see tears in your eyes, Riddhima said as Rohith came 
out of the kitchen.
Since Rohith had an off on weekends, he would visit Riddhimas house to help her with the daily chores.
I am not crying, this onion Rohith said wiped his tears away.
What are you doing with that onion? Just leave it and come here, Riddhima said while cleaning the 
showcase.
This onion is after my life; its making me cry.
By the way, in this get-up, you look like the ideal maid, Riddhima teased pointing at the kitchen apron he 
had donned over his outfit with a glint of mischief in her eyes.
You jerk, I will kill you. Do I look like a maid to you? Please, maids are not as sexy as me.
They are. I can show you a few of them if you want me to.
Riddhima pinched him on his arm and ran away. Rohith ran after her, throwing cushions at her to 
obstruct her path. He grabbed her just in time and pinned her down on the sofa. They both looked at 
each other and started giggling.
I am so happy to see you smiling again. I thought that Id lose you and that smile of yours, considering 
the way you have been acting since your breakup, Riddhima uttered.
Rohiths smile disappeared as he heard the word breakup.
After a few seconds of silence, Riddhima went into the kitchen in order to make coffee for him to better 
his mood. Rohith sat thinking about how his life had changed in the last couple of months. Sometimes, a 
cup of coffee and a good friend make life much better. Its never easy to act as a friend around the 
person who you love and wish to spend the rest of your life with. Riddhima loved him, yet she acted like 
a friend and did whatever it took to make him happy. 
Dreaming of You
22nd December, 2009
Its a myth that people and relationships dont change. In fact, both keep evolving with the passage of 
time. As time passes us by, we go through so much that we grow into a different person altogether and 
thus the nature of our relationship changes. In the past few months, Rohith had witnessed things that he 
had never experienced before in his life. Some people told him not to let go of what he couldnt live 
without, but actually it was holding on to that thing that was tearing him apart. He had understood and 
accepted that Zoya couldnt be part of his life anymore. He deleted all her messages and didnt keep any 
contact with her. Neither did she. Time and again, her words would reverberate in his ears: Someone, 
somewhere is happy knowing that you are happy. He didnt hate her, but he had lost all the reasons to 
love her. Sometimes you love, learn, and then move on, which is perfectly fine as not everything is 
meant to last forever.
Post their break-up, he had begun to spend more and more time with Riddhima. She was his pillar of 
strength who helped him move on and he loved being with her. However, she was still just a friend and 
his French teacher, nothing more. Every minute you spend with someone you arent meant to be with, 
takes away the time you could have instead spent with the right person you should have been with in 
the first place. For her, Rohith was that right person. He too had slowly developed feelings for her but 
was afraid of taking things to the next level.
Vikki supported Rohith post his break-up, explaining to him why it was important to move on in life 
and not pay heed to what had happened. His funda in life was let bygones be bygones. He tried to make 
Rohith see what a wonderful girl Riddhima was. He firmly believed that Rohith wont ever find another 
girl like her, someone who stood by him, selflessly, during his ups and downs even when he was in a 
relationship with Zoya. He told him to take a chance with Riddhima and figure out if she was really the 
one for him. He didnt want Rohith to regret not having tried his luck with her.
 
Where are you? Im waiting near the canteen, Kavya told Vikki over the phone.
I am at the gate. See you in 5 minutes.
Even though Vikki was now dating Mahek, nothing changed between Kavya and him. They still were 
the best of friends who would do stupid things together, be it teasing, irritating, or insulting each other. 
The fact is youre not really best friends until you start insulting each other on a daily basis. Vikki was 
someone who would do anything for a good friend and Kavya was on top of that friend list. Whenever 
she was in a fix, Vikki would come to her rescue, leaving everything behind.
After he parked his car, Vikki sent a text message to Meena as he walked towards the canteen.
Waiting for you in the canteen. Come soon. I want to feel you touch. Love you. Muaah.
Meenas reply soon followed:
I want to feel not only your touch but much more. Waiting to see you. Love you more.
A girl can be your best friend, your lover, your worst enemy, or your worst nightmare. It all depends on 
how you treat her. Vikki pampered both the girls who were special to him in their own, unique way. 
Mahek never tried to keep Vikki away from Kavya; she never felt insecure. She had full faith in Vikki 
and their love which grew stronger with each passing day. She had kept her relationship a secret from 
her family because she didnt want any unnecessary complications. Involving the family would mean 
having restrictions on going out late with her friends and she didnt want to lose that freedom. 
Moreover, her family was the conservative kind and wouldnt have accepted Vikki so easily knowing 
that he had lost his parents early on in life and didnt have a career yet.
Where is Mahek? Kavya asked as soon as Vikki reached the canteen.
She must be reaching anytime now. I have informed her that we are here.
Lets order something while we wait for her. Im famished.
As Vikki was ordering something at the counter, Meena surprised him from behind by hugging him. 
For a few seconds they forgot that they were in canteen and not in their bedroom, but it hardly 
bothered them. Vikki turned and pecked her on the cheek. He ordered Misal-Pav for her as it was her 
favourite dish. Back at the table, all three of them gossiped about how bad their college was and how 
their professors acted like psychos. No matter how reputed our colleges are, we love to curse it and 
even if it has the best teaching staff, we love to abuse our professors.
You should see our Organizational Behaviour professor peep into the classroom when he notices a 
female professor teaching. His speed slows down automatically, and he scans them from top to bottom, 
Kavya said.
We should make his MMS too. What say? Meena added.
Oh please, I dont want to get thrown out of college, Vikki said sarcastically.
Anyway, we never actually attend classes, do we? We just eat at here at the canteen or roam about in 
the campus, Kavya laughed and everyone joined in.
While they were talking, Vikki felt a hand lingering on his inner thighs, under the table. He froze for a 
moment and looked around to scan the room and see if anyone was noticing them.
Ouch! Vikki screamed.
What happened to you? Why did you scream? Kavya asked, unaware of what was happening.
Nothing. I am absolutely fine.
Meena laughed and continued to pinch his thighs. Vikki reciprocated by grazing the sole of his feet 
against her thigh.
They continued teasing each other like this for some time until Mahek sent him a message.
I want to be alone with you. Lets go to some classroom.
Vikki replied saying,
What if someone enters the classroom? We will be fucked.
Meena gave him an irritated look and replied:
You always act dumb. We will ask Kavya to stand outside the classroom and keep a watch.
Vikki looked at her in a state of shock. But the more he thought about it, the more exciting the idea 
seemed. After all, Kavya was their friend who knew everything about them. And they didnt have to 
disclose everything to her. They could simply say they needed the privacy of the classroom to discuss 
something important. Looking at her seductive eyes, he felt a sudden urge to devour her against the 
hard, cold wall of the classroom. He asked both girls to follow him.
Where to? Kavya questioned.
Ill tell you. Lets leave from here first.
Kavya and Meena followed Vikki as he left the canteen. Vikki turned and looked at
Mahek who was still smiling. Kavya again asked where they were going in curiosity.
Kavya, theres something important we wanna discuss and we need your help in that, Vikki hushed.
Mahek was walking behind them and couldnt stop her laughter, but whenever Kavya turned, she 
changed her expression to one of seriousness.
Actually, Meena and I had a big fight yesterday and want to sort things out. So we want to be left alone 
in some classroom for some time to talk things out
Before he could continue, Kavya interrupted him,
Why alone in the classroom?
Where else should we go? Should we create a scene in front of everyone? You know very well that a girl 
in a bad mood is the most dangerous creature on this planet. So I need some protection, Vikki added.
When he further told her that she had to wait outside and keep a check, Kavya almost killed Vikki.
Now, you want me to be your security guard? So mean. Meena, look, your boyfriend is really mean. Lets 
look for someone better for you. Someone really hot and not mean like him.
What the fuck, you he shouted but paused realizing that an argument with Kavya would prolong the act.
Eventually, Kavya agreed and they entered an empty first-floor classroom. Vikki promised Kavya that 
he would buy her a drink or two for helping them out. Kavya hit him hard on his back and gave him an 
angry look. Vikki gave her a flying kiss and told her to lock the door from outside so no passersby 
could suspect anything. Kavya stood outside the door in the passage pretending that she was waiting for 
someone.
More than anything else, I am afraid of Kavya opening the door, Vikki said as he pulled Mahek closer.
Mahek smiled and pulled his cheeks lovingly. Vikki pushed her against the wall and leaned in to give 
her a kiss She shyly turned her face away. Vikki proceeded to kiss her neck, then her ears, then eyes. 
She felt a wild sensation running through her body. Getting intimate in a public place further added to 
the pleasure. They were nervous but equally thrilled, afraid that theyd hear a knock. Vikki rolled his 
fingers inside her t-shirt and kissed her passionately. She returned his kisses with equal fervor.
Once done cuddling, they sat on the bench and Mahek opened her lunch box. She had cooked green pea 
rice along with some yoghurt especially for Vikki. In fact, one of the reasons why she wanted to be 
alone with him was to make him eat with her own hands.
When your heart starts to function, your brain begins to malfunction.
Why do you love me so much? Vikki asked.
I dont know, but I cant live without you. I feel safe with you, Meena replied, feeding him the rice.
I am so lucky to have you. Youre not my life, youre the one I want to spend it with.
Youre not my world, youre the best thing in it, Vikki added.
Once done eating the lunch, he gave her a peck on the cheek as a thank you gesture.
Thats it? Thats all I get for cooking you such yummy food? The spark in Maheks eyes and her seductive 
looks made him horny. He grabbed her by the waist and made her lie down on the bench. He saw the 
nervousness in her eyes and kissed her forehead.
I just want to look at every inch of your body, Vikki said as he stood up.
He couldnt control himself anymore and pounced on her like a wild beast. He started kissing her wildly, 
like there was no tomorrow. Lost in the ecstasy of passionate love, he bit her slightly hard on the neck 
and she screamed loudly in response. Vikki looked at her for a second and gave her a small peck 
where he bit her. Mahek wrapped her hands around him and kissed his neck. As Vikkis hands tried to 
explore her body, pulling her top up, they heard their door being opened. They immediately got up and 
tried to pretend like nothing had happened, but to their dismay, Kavya had seen more than she had 
bargained for. She broke into laughter looking at them.
Vikki looked at her, embarrassed, while Mahek was still pulling down her t-shirt.
Fuck, this is hilarious. I should have hung the Do not disturb sign outside, she laughed till the point her 
stomach pained.
Kavya, you should have knocked first. Shit man, you made my heart jump, said Vikki almost getting a 
heart attack.
You think I didnt know what you guys were doing inside? You both are dumb. The moment you started 
texting each other in the canteen, I knew that you wanted to board a railgaadi.
What railgaadi? Mahek asked with a puzzled look.
Sex, foreplaywhatever youd like to call it, she winked.
Mahek turned red in embarrassment. Kavya screamed when Vikki pulled her ears as if he was 
punishing a kid. Vikki felt like a batsman who is run out, and right when he thinks his time is up, the 
umpire declares it a no ball, much to the relief of the batsman. Kavya told them that she didnt open the 
door for fun but because she saw the head of their department on his daily rounds. All of them 
immediately left the classroom. As they walked out, they glanced at each other and burst into laughter 
at what had just happened. There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing that you 
are in the company of the one you love. Rare are such relationships where you hold no grudges, no 
complaints, and no insecurities.
 
How about going to your place for some fun rather than going for a movie? Mahek asked.
Vikki had dropped Kavya home and was heading for a movie with Meena. While on their way to the 
movie hall, Meena suggested they go his place instead. As soon as Meena mentioned going to his home 
for fun, a picture of a chemist shop flashed in his mind. He immediately turned his car around and gave a 
wicked smile to Mahek. He stopped the car near a chemist shop he had never been to before. He did 
this deliberately so he wont feel awkward while asking for a condom. Another reason why he preferred 
going to an unknown chemist was that he had never purchased a condom before in his life. It was his 
first time and he felt uneasy asking for it at the counter. He couldnt express his uneasiness to Mahek 
because she wouldve made fun of him, hurting his
male ego. Though he was aware of the brands and the flavours because of the advertisements, when his 
time came, he didnt know which one to order. Maybe I should have asked Mahek, he thought. After all, 
she is the one who will have toBrushing aside his thoughts, he mustered courage and walked towards 
the counter. There were a couple of customers at the counter and he waited till the salesperson cleared 
their bills.
Yes, what do you want? one of the guys at the counter asked Vikki.
You can clear their bills first. Im in no hurry. Ill just speak with my friend till then, he said pretending to 
call someone.
He looked out the glass door and saw Mahek looking back at him in anticipation. He signalled saying hed 
be back in 2 minutes, pretending to be on a call with someone. The truth was, he had called customer 
care instead, as he was fucking nervous to take a step forward. He had never felt such tension before, 
not even during his exams. Now he understood why people called love-making an art.
Son, what do you need? the counter guy asked Vikki once again.
I needgive me oneCrocin and D-cold, Vikki said feeling the tension build up in his body. Shit, man. 
Come on Vikki, you can do it. You have to do it. You are a man, he told himself.
Suddenly, the person standing next to him asked for a Moods condom packet.
Give me one, too. Also, add a 5-star to my bill. How much, uncle?
Just to cover up for the condoms, he had asked for a 5-star chocolate as well. The guy at the counter 
understood the reason behind Vikkis uneasiness and gave him a comforting smile. Finally, the first 
battle had been won! Vikki left the counter after paying the bill. He opened the door to the car and 
gave Mahek a wide smile. Making love is not just about sex, its a battle of hormones that starts from 
asking a condom at the chemist shop.
Got it? Mahek asked.
Yeah, It was easy. I was just receiving an important call so it took some time. Take thisthis is for you, my 
darling, Vikki proudly declared, giving her both the condom and the 5-star he had bought to save him 
some humiliation.
She gave him a kiss on the cheek and they left for his home. Vikki parked the car, lifted her up in his 
arms, and carried her inside the house
As soon as Vikki closed the door, Meena embraced him lovingly. She buried her face in his shoulder 
while he wrapped an arm around her, returning the hug. He pulled her back to him as she tried to 
escape and smooched her hungrily. She finally pulled away from him and ran towards the kitchen. He 
ran after her, wrapping his arms around her waist and lifting her up in the air. When he placed her back 
on the ground, she turned to look at him amusingly.
Go take a shower first, she teased and escaped from his grip, leaving Vikki disappointed. He went to 
freshen up and asked her to make herself comfortable.
While Vikki took a bath, Mahek removed a note from her bag, knowing that Vikki would head 
straight for his wardrobe once he was out of the bathroom. She kept the note on top of his clothes and 
quickly changed into her shorts without taking her heels off. Vikki got out of the shower with nothing 
but a towel wrapped around his waist. His bare body looked very seductive, with water dripping all over 
his chest. She gazed at him in admiration. Vikki was about to pick up tee from the wardrobe when he 
saw the note. He picked the note up. It said,
Fill in the blanks:
Im lusting for your ____. I want you to lick my ____ and ____ over and over again. I even want to feel 
your ____ in my ____.
Vikki looked at Mahek and said, So this was all your planning, eh?
Mahek bit her lip seductively and said, Are you just going to stand there lusting for me or are you going 
to do something about it?
She was speaking in such a sexy tone that he couldnt resist pouncing on her. She let out a moan and in a 
few seconds, he grabbed her and pushed her on the bed. She licked his fingers one by one and then 
traced the outline of his lips. It made his body tingle.
If you could picture whats going through my mind right now, youd be totally, and I mean totally, turned 
on, he whispered in her ears.
Whats that? she asked while encircling his nipples with her fingernails.
The room had been dimly lit, creating a passionate ambience for lovemaking. Vikki removed the deck 
of cards from the drawer.
Lets play a game, Vikki declared. These are a pack of playing cards. We assign a sexual act to each suit 
symbol like kisses for diamonds, body rub for spades, rolling of fingers for heart, and trying out a new 
position for clubs. Each number represents the wildness of the act. The higher the number, the wilder 
youll have to be. I am up for it, Mahek responded.
She picked the first card up and it was an 8 of diamonds which meant kisses. The next moment, she 
leaned over him and started kissing him all over his body. From neck till toe, she kissed him 7 times, and 
gave him a final passionate kiss on his lips. Vikki picked the next card and it was a 10 of hearts. He 
slowly undressed her, first removing her shorts and then the t-shirt. She still had her heels on and 
Vikki was about to remove that too, but she told him not to.
I want to make out wearing just my heels. Doesnt it turn you on? she asked.
Vikki nodded and slowly started rolling his fingers all over her, starting from her neck onwards. He 
paused near her belly and kissed it, making her moan loudly. The game continued for some time till 
Meena grabbed the hem of his boxers and pulled down. She rolled her necklace on his body in such a 
manner that it aroused his senses. She stopped rolling near his inner thighs and looked above. Vikkis 
eyes were shut.
Look at me while you make love to me. Look here Vikki. Look me in the eyes, she moaned.
He gave her a sexy smile as he came up and hugged her. It was all happening too quickly. Vikki took 
charge and Meena screamed loudly. She wrapped her legs around his waist and Vikki penetrated her 
slowly.
Vikki, she whispered stroking his hair. You put something in the food. Didnt you? she said with a 
satisfaction on her face.
Hmm, he giggled.
And Vikki
Hmm?
This was indeed amazing, she panted, curling up on his sweaty chest.
Meena kissed him. Vikki responded with the same excitement and they hugged each other.
You know what? Vikki said as he stroked her hair.
Meena looked into his eyes and slowly kissed his cheeks like a small baby.
Shit, we forgot to use the condom, Vikki said, remembering the lengths he had gone to buy them.
Its ok. We are safe. You pulled out at the right time, she replied.
Its not about safety. It was about my effort. Leave it, you will never understand, Vikki said sadly.
Only he knew what all he had done to get that Moods packet but in the end everything happened so 
quickly that Mahek was not in a mood to even wait for a second. Neither was Vikki. Vikki played 
their song on his mobile and hugged her,
Dil ke chaman ka hasna toh dekho, Jaage nazar ka sapna toh dekho.
Aise hue hum, ek jaan ek dil,
Tu hai ki me hu, kehna hai mushkil
Zhoka basanti hai tutan hai gulaabi mera!!
Do rang milne ke baad, hote nahi hai judaa
Saathiya tune kya kiyaitna karo na mujhe pyaar!!
Vikki and Meena were lost in each others arms, with not a care in the world.
 
The next morning, Meena woke up content in Vikkis arms. She saw the time and woke up Vikki as it 
was getting late. They got ready and Vikki decided to drop Mahek home.
Before leaving the house, they kissed each other one more time before locking the door. Vikki took his 
bike instead of the car to avoid the morning traffic. He dropped her outside her home in Aundh. On his 
way back, he saw Rohith smoking near a paanwala.
He immediately stopped his bike and greeted him. He was delighted to see him and puzzled as well
How come you are here in Aundh? Vikki asked.
I had come to meet my aunt who stays here. I was just on my way back home. What about you?
Pick and drop service for my girlfriend, you see, Vikki winked.
Rohith laughed and offered a cigarette to Vikki. Vikki helped himself to one ciggie and asked him 
whether he had moved on. Rohith nodded affirmatively. He confessed that he was confused about 
certain decisions in life and wanted to discuss them with Vikki at length just to ease his stress.
Can we meet on Sunday? Rohith asked, looking at the calendar on his mobile phone.
Yes. Why not? Anything serious?
Kind of. Even my brother Aditya would like to join us, if thats okay with you, Rohith said.
Cmon buddy, I am completely okay with it.
They bid goodbye to each other and went their separate ways.
We often meet people unintentionally in our lives without knowing that they would become our well-
wishers some day. Rohith never thought that he would share his worries with someone he had met only 
a couple of times. Plus he never expected Vikki to support and guide him through the rough patches 
in his life.
Its not about how long youve know each other or how often you meet. If your wavelength matches, 
then one meeting is all it takes.
Yes, I Cared
26th December, 2009, Sunday
It was a chilly winter morning in Pune. The morning breeze waited to bring a new dawn in Rohiths life. 
We had decided to meet Vikki at the Germany Bakery in Koregaon Park. Since it was a Sunday, the 
place was jam packed. It was quite a popular joint and probably one of the oldest ones too. We had 
ordered a ginger lemon tea and a non-veg club sandwich to begin with, as Rohith anticipated it was 
going to be a long discussion.
Guys, I understand that you are saying this for my betterment, but I am afraid of getting into a 
relationship again. If someone hurts you, its difficult to recover from the trauma, no matter how hard 
you try. The experience makes you cynical about love itself, Rohith sobbed.
Rohith, dont be so stubborn. Everyone has a past, but not everyone keeps on crying about it. If you keep 
on going like this, you will never find happiness in your life. And why are you being so selfish thinking 
just about yourself? Think about Riddhima who did so much for you when you needed a helping hand. 
Dont lose out on such a girl. Youll regret it later on, Vikki added.
You are complicating things for no reason. If someone cant be with you due to some reason, thats okay. 
Some come back and some dont. Its part and parcel of life. And just because one person leaves, it 
doesnt mean that you should forget about everyone else whos still standing by your side. Its really 
commendable that Riddhima supported you as your best friend even though she loved you. Just think 
how life would have been without her, I said trying to convince him to accept Riddhimas love and move 
on.
Rohith was about to say something when the waiter arrived with the sandwich and the ginger lemon 
tea. It was one of the best sandwiches I had ever tasted.
Rohith took a sip of the tea and continued, I am not denying that Riddhima was the one who was my 
backbone during my hard times, but the only thing that scares me is that there shouldnt be any 
complications again. She is a couple of years older than me.
Dont act like a fool. I know your parents really well and I am sure they will be absolutely fine with it. 
Otherwise I would have warned you long back. Why didnt you think of all this when you were in a 
relationship with Zoya? Werent the complications more then? Also, youve told me her parents are super 
cool. So why are you worrying so much? Just dont think so much about it and go ahead. You have my 
support, bro, I said taking a bite of my sandwich.
Absolutely. Just move on, Vikki agreed.
Aditya and Vikki, you must be thinking Im emotionless and thats why I ignore Riddhimas love, but its 
not that. I never treated her badly. I always respected her love and even shared my feelings with her. 
You might think that if I decide to move on, it would mean that I never loved Zoya in the first place, but 
thats not true. I really loved her and was ready to fight for my love, but she had her own priorities. I 
respected her love too. I remember she had asked me to love someone who loved me back and took 
care of me. I think Riddhima is the right person. But dont ever think that I didnt love Zoya, Rohith 
confessed with tears in his eyes.
Have you lost it? We all know how much you loved Zoya and how hard you tried to convince her not to 
leave. I always asked you to move on, but never forced you as I wanted you to be ready for it. Its easy to 
fall for someone when you are lonely. But then, thats nothing but an escape from your previous 
relationship. Trust me Rohith, true love is always better than first love. I am saying this from personal 
experience, Vikki responded.
Vikki and I finally sweet-talked him into giving it a try and he finally caved in. Just to celebrate his new 
innings, we ordered a carrot cake which was just perfect for the occasion. After some time, we decided 
to leave as Vikki had some personal work to attend to. I didnt prod too much since Rohith had once 
told me Vikki preferred keeping his personal life peronal.
Give me the good news soon, Vikki said and left.
We also went back home with a new hope in our mind. A hope that would erase all the bad memories of 
the past and rewrite the good ones to bring the smile back into Rohiths life. He knew what it took to love 
someone. One should not ask a person whos in love to define love; instead they should ask the one who 
has lost someone in the name of love. Rohith had lost the love of his life once, and was ready to start 
things all over with Riddhima.
Kitaabon ke pannon ko palat ke sochta hun, Yun palat jaaye meri zindagi to kya baat hai. Hawa ke zhoke 
ko jab jab dekhta hu tab sochta hu, Aisi hi aage bad jaaye zindagi toh kya baat hai.
Kalam toh thi hi haath me par likhna sikhaaya hai aapne, Taakat toh thi hi haath me par hosla dilaya hai 
aapne. Manzil toh thi hi saamne par raasta dikhaaya hai aapne, Hum toh sirf dost hi the, par aashiq 
banaya hai aapne!
 
Have you ever fallen for a close friend and been unsure as to what you should do about it? Rohith had 
fallen in love with Riddhima, slowly but surely. The way she handled him and never turned her back to 
his problems made him feel special. But he wasnt sure whether he should really take it forward or wait 
for the right time. But, as they say, there is never a time or a place for true love. It happens by chance, in 
a heartbeat, in a single throbbing moment.
He was confused because he had never felt like that for her before, or maybe he had overlooked his 
feelings for her. So what hurts the most? Saying something and wishing you hadnt, or not saying 
something and wishing you had? Rohith was in a dilemma and thought of talking to Zoya once before 
taking any step further.
This time he wanted to have a word with her not to plead or beg for his love, but to tell her that he had 
found someone worth his love. Life is not about finding someone you can live with. Its more about 
finding that someone who cant live without you. He hadnt called her once in the last few months and 
thus he felt a little weird calling her again. He dialled her number anxiously. As soon as he heard the 
ringtone, he immediately disconnected the call. He gathered the courage and again dialled her number.
The number you have dialled is busy on another call, came the automated response.
He decided to send her a message instead, but just when he was typing out the message, his phone 
beeped with a call. The name on the screen sent shivers down his spine. It was Zoya.
Hello, Rohith said in a shaky voice.
Hello. I got a call from you.
Yes. How are you? Rohith stammered.
I am fine. But who is this? Do I know you? Sorry, but your number is not saved, Zoya said in a casual 
tone.
Rohith.
Rohithwho? she said as if she had never heard the name before in her life. Her statement came as a 
shock to Rohith and he got extremely angry.
How many Rohiths have been a part of your life till date, Zoya? Youve forgotten my voice too? I wonder 
if you ever loved me, he screamed loudly.
Why have you called me, Rohith? I have moved on and Im trying to live my life without you, she said in a 
soft tone.
Yes, I called you for the same reason. I am moving on. Better late than never.
Good luck, Rohith.
Before Rohith could say anything, she disconnected the call. It made him more furious and he 
immediately sent her a couple of long messages:
Till this minute, I was confused whether I was taking the right step, but now I am no more in a dilemma. 
Now I understand that everything happens for a reason. I dont know what got into me that I called you. 
You asked me who I was You are right. Who am I? I never meant anything to you. Tell meif I meant 
anything to you, how you could forget the sound of my voice? This completely baffles me. Suddenly, I 
can see everything that I had been ignoring for the last few months. You have no place for me in your 
heart. You have no respect for me, not in the tiniest bit. If you did, then you would not treat me the way 
you do. You would not string me along and play with my emotions. I fight with myself over and over 
again because I feel like such a loser for staying in a relationship that made me so unhappy. I wonder 
why I clung to your memories when everyone and told me to let go. How can I defend you? Im always 
sticking up for you when my friends ask me the reason for our breakup. I tell them you were nice but 
just that situation was beyond your control.
Dont expect me to wish you a happy birthday every year, like I have since I met you. If you recall, the 
first day I met you was actually on your birthday. Dont expect me to be there when you need me. I will 
never again run my fingers through your hair or cuddle up next to you. Dont look forward to anything 
from me anymore. And please understand that I am not doing this to teach you a lesson. I am doing this 
because I am finally done with you. I am just fed up, and my heart cant take it anymore. I have finally 
made peace with the fact that we can never be together again.
Theres always a right time to end everything. If Rohith had not called Zoya, he would have never found 
the courage to start a new relationship. But now he had made up his mind. He had decided to move on 
and he had the right to be happy. Every person who comes into your life teaches you something, plays 
his part and departs. No one lives with you forever. You never lose anyone because you never owned 
them in the first place. Rohith didnt lose anything but he would have certainly lost an opportunity to be 
with a person who loved him like anything if he wouldnt have taken the decision to be happy.
As he lay on his bed, he remembered the day he was with Riddhima after ending the usual class of 
French at her home...
Rohith was ill and on medication. Still he had gone for the classes, not because he was passionate about 
French but because he loved Riddhimas company. That day Riddhima had invited him for dinner. After 
having their dinner, Rohith had intentionally pretended that he had forgotten his tablets home and 
would take them once he gets back. But Riddhima had forcefully grabbed his bag from him and digged 
through the contents. She had found the tablets wrapped in a piece of paper and told Rohith to take 
them. Rohith hated medicines and always put up an act to avoid eating them. Riddhima knew he 
wouldve hidden the bag somewhere and hence brought a glass of water and sat beside him.
Come on, eat. Stop being so dramatic.
Why should I listen to you? You are not my mom, Rohith muttered.
Whatever. Take this and put it in your mouth.
Rohith took one tablet in his hand but was not ready to eat it. Riddhima somehow convinced him and 
forced him to insert the tablet in his mouth. Riddhima gave him the glass of water but he showed slight 
resistance.
Are you taking it or should I stop talking to you forever? Riddhima said trying to emotionally blackmail 
him.
Why do you have to say such things? I hate it, Rohith said giving her an angry look.
Then without overacting, just drink the water and finish it, Riddhima said going closer to him.
Please, I am sorry. I will take my medicines tomorrow onwards, Rohith pleaded.
Whenever it came to medication, be it taking tablets or visiting a doctor, he always tried to find an 
escape route. But Riddhima never allowed him and always forced him as he was very careless when it 
came to his health.
Are you eating or should I leave? she shouted.
As Rohith drank the water, he looked at Riddhima from the corner of his eye and smirked. Riddhima told 
him to open his mouth wide open and rechecked if he had hidden the tablet. After making sure he 
hadnt, she pulled his cheeks and gave him a wide smile.
Rohith recollected many such sweet moments when Riddhima had expressed her care and love for him 
and how he always chose to overlook them. Thinking about them, he felt the same love for her and 
realized what he was losing out on. He lied down on the bed, excited to start his new life.
If someone in our lives makes us forget the haunting memories of our past, then that someone is surely 
a part of our future. Riddhima not only helped him get over his depression, she also gave him hope for 
the future. He thought about expressing his love in a special way so that he could capture the moment 
forever. He came up with different ideas to make it memorable for her as it was his turn to make 
Riddhima feel loved.
He thought of messaging Riddhima how much he was missing her, remembering their days together. But 
when it came down to writing the message, he found that he was at a loss for words, though he didnt 
need words because he had found an amazing person who could understand his silence. After a long 
time, he had a smile on his face.
Unofficially Yours
27th December, 2009
Adi, are you sure she will say yes to me? What if something goes wrong? I hate rejections, said Rohith 
hitting me with a pillow.
I was in deep sleep when Rohith came and was woken up by his constant chatter about his complicated 
love life. The only problem in supporting people in love is that they dont sleep and eat, nor do they 
allow you to eat or sleep either.
Rohith, do you think I am an astrologer that I can predict these things? I told you yesterday that she 
obviously loves you. Otherwise why will she take care of you so much? She has better work to do in life.
So should I tell her about my feelings today?
No. Do one thing. Go visit an astrologist first. See what timing he gives you and ask him which gemstone 
you should wear on your finger so the stars work in your favour. Then sing some Bhajans and only then 
go and propose to her, I said irritatingly from under the blanket.
Ok fine. Ill do it myself, Rohith said annoyingly.
I had no option but to get up and comfort him otherwise he would have fucked my brain till it exploded. 
I made him understand that he had nothing to lose and also told him to act confident in front of her. 
When it comes to confessing your love for someone, guys always pretend to act macho, but deep inside 
they are scared to death. I told Rohith to act like his usual self in front of her so that she doesnt suspect 
anything suspicious. Rohith took my advice seriously and left to meet Riddhima, allowing me to sleep 
once again.
But just when I shut my eyes, he came barging into my room and woke me up, yet again.
Adi, get up please. I am confused. Which colour shirt should I wear?
Wear a swimming costume and go, for all I care, you asshole. But just let me sleep, I beg of you.
Rohith made a sad face and turned around to leave.
Stop making me feel guilty. Wear the blue shirt. That colour suits you, I told him.
Rohith thanked me for my help and left.
Please dont knock again. Just go and hit a home run. Good luck, I yelled as he left the room.
Before leaving, Rohith checked himself in the mirror numerous times from all angles much more than he 
had in his entire lifetime. He wanted to make Riddhima feel special and was willing to go to any lengths 
to do that. When your heart begins to work towards another persons happiness, you know youre doing 
it not for some trifling amusement but for true love. Whenever Rohith felt broken on the inside, all he 
had to do was turn his head and look at Riddhima who cheered him up without fail. She was the joy of 
his life and kept him going even in his most trying times. Sometimes when someone new enters your 
life, the person either becomes just a page of your life or its greatest story. Rohith had decided to meet 
Riddhim a near her apartment in NIBM and take her out for lunch.
By the time he reached her place, Riddhima was waiting for him near the gate. Just the mere sight of her 
made him nervous as was now going to meet her with a different intention in mind. He had started 
loving her and wanted to be a part of her life forever. He always found her beautiful but had never really 
gathered the courage to tell her that. Plus, he had now started looking at her differentlynot so much in 
the capacity of a friend but someone he could spend the rest of his life with. Riddhima stood next to the 
lamppost, looking elegant in her red tube top and denims. Her sexy smile added to her beauty. He 
stopped the bike near her. She sat behind him, keeping her hand on his shoulders for support. If petrol 
wasnt so expensive, he would have driven her around forever.
You look good, Rohith. Blue suits you, Riddhima complemented.
Rohith just smiled and looked into her eyes through the rearview mirror. She glanced back at him and 
smiled.
Where are we going? Riddhima asked.
Pu La Deshpande Park.
The park was situated at Sinhagad road. Also known as Friendship Garden, it was built with the idea of 
recreating an original Japanese garden, giving the city-goers a chance to enjoy its lush green grass cover, 
providing a visual treat in the early morning. It is well maintained, with an artificial lake, and is home to 
many rare varieties of birds. There are many trees around and the pathways are barricaded by bamboo 
sticks on both sides. There are water channels along the path where one can spot many a colourful fish.
Rohith and Riddhima rested on one of the benches and gazed the beauty of the garden without really 
saying anything to each other.
Is there anything special today? Riddhima asked finally breaking the silence between them.
Yes. But I am not sure how to tell you this.
What are you talking about? she asked turning towards him.
I had planned to tell you so much today, but now Im at a complete loss for words.
When Im with you, I can barely talk. You give me butterflies in my tummy. And when Im away from you, 
I can barely think about anything but you since youre always on my mind, Rohith whispered moving 
closer to her.
What happened, Rohith? Are you alright? she blushed.
He felt the heat in his body even in the chilly winter morning. After gaining courage, he finally decided to 
come to the point and not beat about the bush.
I want to ask you thatI mean, you know, I want to tell youhow should I he stammered.
How the hell do guys ask girls for a one-night stand during their first meeting itself? I am not even able 
to say I have started liking you. Dammit! he thought.
Why are you behaving so weirdly? Riddhima said taking his hand in hers.
Oh God. I am already fucking nervous and by holding my hand, she is making me more nervous. Now I 
understand why most beautiful girls in the city roam around with nerds who are a complete mismatch 
for them. Its not because theres something special about them but because they had the guts to speak 
their heart out, he thought.
Riddhima, I wanted to tell you thatII love the way you care for me. Why do you love me so much?
Fuckfuckfuck. I wanted to tell her that I love her and not ask her why on the earth she loves me so much. 
She must be thinking what a fattu I am.
Riddhima gave him a wry smile and blushed. She knew what Rohith was trying to convey but the girl 
inside her didnt allow her to showcase her emotions.
Just because I told you I love you doesnt mean that I want to be in a relationship with you. I simply told 
you how I feel. I know you love someone else and its okay, she said on purpose just to tease Rohith.
But Rohith took her seriously and avoided broaching the topic now that he knew what her stand was. 
Little did he know she was merely joking with him. They talked about college, upcoming exams, and 
what not, but they did not speak a single word about how they felt for each other. Though Rohith had 
even saved a message in his folder that he wanted to send to her after his proposal, there was no way 
he could send it now. Riddhima kept forcing him to tell her the secret for which he had asked to meet 
her since she too wanted to hear him confess his love for her. But Rohith did not broach the topic again 
for the fear of rejection. She was walking on air knowing she actually meant something to someone.
 
WHAAAAT, you came home without telling her? Are you serious? I asked him when he returned home 
and told me everything.
He simply nodded and avoided looking at me. I became furious at him, not because he was unable to 
confess his love to her but because he had disturbed my sleep early morning yet again and had still not 
been able to tell her about his true feelings.
How can you? Firstly tell me, who the hell proposes to a girl so early in the morning? You are not going 
for a morning walk, dammit! You are proposing to a girl. Its not your bloody office where you have to 
mark your entry at sunrise, I yelled.
Just when I was about to confess my love for her, she said that just because she loved me didnt mean 
she wanted to be in a relationship with me, he said choking up.
Girls will be girls. Come on bro, I am assuring you that she loves you. She might have just done that to 
tease you, I said cheering him up.
I advised Rohith to try flirting with Riddhima through text messages to see her response. Free or low cost 
SMS service and social networking sites are a boon to those who are shy to ask girls out in person. They 
are the ones who make the optimum use of technology. Its quite possible that the guy who doesnt even 
speak with girls in college is the one who sends maximum friend requests and messages through such 
sites and is bloody good at it as well. So why cant we?
I motivated Rohith to give it one last shot.
Rohith thought for a moment and sent her a text message: How many people around you call you by 
your name?
Riddhima replied within a few minutes: Many. Why?
Rohith winked and replied within seconds, There are a lot of people who call you by your name. But 
theres only one person who can make it sound so damn special and thats me.
Are you sure? she replied.
100% sure, Rohith replied and crossed his fingers anticipating her next reply.
He jumped on the bed in joy when she replied with a kiss smiley and Lucky me written next to it. He 
replied saying he would do anything to impress her like a princess. Romance adds flavour to our lives 
and makes us feel alive in a way that nothing else can. Rohith shared his plan with me and asked for my 
help in making it unforgettable for Riddhima.
Riddhima too felt loved and cared for. She knew that Rohith was a genuine person and meant all that he 
said. It was going to be the start of something beautifulsomething that both were anticipating nervously.
 
28th December, 2009, Midnight
One should not love when one is left stranded or neglected, but when one is prepared to take on the 
responsibility. Rohith had left behind all the scraps of his previous relationship and was ready to take on 
the responsibility of being in a new one. He was nervous in the morning, but after a brief chat with 
Riddhima, he turned confident and was now ready to take on the world. He had decided to make it so 
memorable that even his grandchildren would be amused by it, knowing how he had proposed to his 
love. He told me to bring a few things from the market which I did. We had decided to go to Riddhimas 
apartment around midnight when no one would disturb us or come in our way.
Once the clock struck twelve, we left from Rohiths home. Rohith had decided to come by car while I 
drove his bike. I had taken a bag with me that had a paint bucket, a brush, and some colours in it, along 
with some rose petals. The other material was in Rohiths car. As we reached near her apartment, Rohith 
signalled me to go ahead showing me the exact location and also reminded me to check if her balcony 
lights were off. Her balcony was visible from the lane under her apartment. I gave him a thumbs up sign 
indication the lights were indeed off and also looked around to make sure no one was watching me. 
Marking the location from where she could see clearly from her balcony, I removed the paint and the 
colours from my bag and started my work. Once done, I called Rohith to drive down and he halted the 
car at a perfect spot.
Have you done it properly? he asked.
Rest assured, I said.
I opened the back door of the car and removed the other material, placing it in such a way that 
Riddhima couldnt see it from the balcony. We kept our fingers crossed and took a deep breath before 
taking the next step.
All set? Rohith asked me.
I replied in the affirmative and hid myself behind the tree. My presence could have made her nervous as 
I had never met her in person. Rohith went inside the car and called Riddhima.
Rohithis everything okay? she asked looking at the time in her watch.
Yes. Come to your balcony, Rohith said looking above through the window of his car.
Why? Riddhima asked in a confused tone.
The balcony lights came on the next minute. Riddhima came and stood in the balcony. She looked down 
and saw Rohiths car parked on the opposite side of the gate. He waved at her from inside his car and 
said confidently:
Riddhima, I dont know whether you will like it or not, but I wanted to make you feel special. I am lucky 
to have you in my life. Whenever I needed you, you stood by me and helped me overcome many 
obstacles. Today is the perfect time to express my feelings to you. We have been best friends since long 
time now and know everything about each other. I think we should take our friendship a step ahead. If 
we can be good friends, then we can be good lovers too. What do you think?
Riddhima was dumbstruck! It all seemed like a dream to her. She pinched herself to make sure it was 
really happening.
She smiled looking at Rohith and whispered over the phone, RohithDo you really mean it?
Rohith turned on the ignition and stepped on the accelerator. The car moved ahead to reveal a message 
that was hidden beneath it, written in paint and surrounded by rose petals.
I love you my princess. Make me unofficially yours.
She was left speechless. He really had gone to great lengths to make her feel like a princess. Riddhimas 
happiness knew no limits and she felt like announcing it to the world that her love was proposing to her 
at the stroke of midnight under her apartment.
Before she could even react, she received a message on her mobile from Rohith.
Getting to know you over these last few months has changed my life. Im happier than I have ever been, 
and I owe that joy to you. Before I realized your love, there was emptiness in my heart that at times 
seemed to consume me, that threatened to break mebut now my life is full of meaning and purpose. I 
can see my future more clearly nowyou are the light in the dark that guides my steps to where I want to 
be. When the entire world was once overcast by subtle shades of gray, you brought vibrant colours into 
my life. There are no words that I can speak, no song that I can sing, and no gesture that I can show, to 
prove my love for you, for the love I have for you has no definition. How can I describe the sheer joy I 
feel with the very thought of you? How simply hearing your voice causes my heart to beat faster, my 
pulse to race, and my smile to widen? How can just one person give me so much hope for a future I have 
always dreamed of having? You have opened my heart and awakened my soul. That is how I know that 
our love is everlasting. When I look into your eyesthose gorgeous eyesI see a reflection of my own soul. 
And in your arms, I know there is no place on earth that I would rather be. I love you. I really love you, 
Riddhima.
If you too feel the same for me then come down and give me a hug.
Riddhima came down running from her room. The wait for her to come down seemed like a lifetime to 
Rohith. Sometimes you have to wait for a very long time to find that special person, but it is definitely 
worth the wait! Rohith and Riddhima both had to wait but they had finally found their forever.
Rohith came out of the car and threw open his arms as soon as he saw Riddhima running towards him. 
Forgetting the world around them, without caring if someone was watching them, she just hugged him 
tight and he wrapped his arms around her. It was the longest hug of their lives and neither wanted to let 
go, having waited to confess their love to each other for so long. When they broke the embrace, Rohith 
kissed her forehead and said, I love you.
I love you too, she said with tears of happiness in her eyes.
Their lips touched softly into the kiss of a lifetime. With one kiss you can surrender yourself so 
completely to your love. Riddhima had surrendered herself in the passion of the moment.
I had lit a couple of red sky lanterns while they embraced. I let go of the lanterns as soon as they broke 
their kissmuch to Riddhimas surprise. I wished both of them good luck for the new beginning and told 
Rohith to bring the other lanterns from the car. Both of them too lit the lanterns and released them in 
the sky while making a wish. A wish to remain together forever. A wish to support each other forever 
until death did them apart. A wish to never lose the spark in their relation until they turn sixty and more.
Uske saath rehte rehte hamein chahat si ho gayi, Usse baat karte karte hamein aadat si ho gayi.
Ek pal bhi na mile toh ajeeb si becheini rehti hai, Dosti nibhaate nibhaate hume mohabbat si ho gayi!! Ab 
toh Aziz bhi woh hai aur naseeb bhi woh hai, Duniya ki bheed main kareeb bhi woh hai.
Unki duao se chalti hai zindagi kyonki,
Khuda Bhi woh hai aur taqdeer bhi woh hai!! 
You Gave Me a Hangover
28th December, 2009, Mid-day
Have you ever searched for something for hours only to realize that it was lying right in front of you? 
Many a times we spend all our time searching for an answer that was always known to us. The problem 
is that we dont believe we can get something that easily, making us doubt its authenticity. Rohith had 
the same feeling till last night. His true love Riddhima was right next to him but he had never thought 
about pursuing his relationship with her seriously. Have you ever thought about the number of times 
weve lost a person just because we didnt have the courage to talk to them in first place? Probably a 
small chat would have done the trick. But how will one know what the other person feels about you if 
you dont even give it a shot? We all have that one person in our lives without whom life seems 
hopeless. Be it your friends or the love of your life, both enter your life in unexpected ways and prove 
loves existence in strange ways. Rohiths friend Vikki and the love of his life, Riddhima, both had 
entered his life in such a way.
It was already noon and Rohith was still snoring in his bed. In the midst of planning to throw their 
Relationship Party in the evening at Riddhimas home, they had talked all night over the phone and didnt 
realize when night had turned into day.
Rohith woke up the moment his phone beeped. It was a message from Riddhima.
The thought of us being together forever made me stay up all night. Missing you so much.
Its always lovely to hear someone misses you. It makes you feel loved. Rohith got ready within a few 
minutes and left to meet Riddhima after eating his breakfast. They wanted to buy stuff for the party in 
the evening. He picked Riddhima up and went to Dmart. Its not often that Rohith took interest in grocery 
shopping but like they say, love makes you do unimaginable things.
Are we done? Rohith asked after an hour of shopping.
Yes, Riddhima said struggling to hold the many bags in her hands.
Rohith took a few of them and opened the door of the car for her. She gave him a smile and kissed him 
on the cheek.
Anything else, madam? Rohith said bowing down in front of her like a chauffeur.
Nothing driver, she chuckled sitting inside as Rohith shut the door after her.
Rohith held her hands and as he drove the car to her apartment. He parked the car and Riddhima was 
about to move out when Rohith pulled her towards him. She closed the door and tilted towards Rohith.
Rohithwhat are you doing? Someone might see us here.
The tension in her voice was evident. She looked around to see if someone was watching them.
No one will disturb us. All the glasses are tinted black, Rohith exclaimed.
He held her face in his hands and moved closer. She knew he wanted to kiss her but she wanted to play 
hard to get card. Rohith tried pinning her hands and holding her down to kiss, but she kept getting away. 
Finally, he grabbed her hair and pulled her gently towards him. He brought his lips close to hers and 
touched them gently. He tried to enter her mouth with his tongue but she kept resisting. As the kissing 
grew more intense, she finally gave in and let his tongue explore her mouth. Their tongues played with 
each other until Rohith pulled away for a moment to look into her eyes. They smiled at each other and 
he again lip-locked her.
After their first intense smooch, Riddhima reluctantly broke free from his grip, reminding him it was 
getting late and that he better leave.
The way you look at me with those adorable eyes of yours makes me melt inside. You have made me 
realize what love is all about, Riddhima whispered as she got out of the car.
If you have a partner who not only loves you, but respects your feelings and understands your emotions, 
you dont need to bother about what people say. A single word of appreciation is all that matters. Rohith 
kept looking at her till she was out of sight. He then turned around his car and left for his place.
 
28th December, 2009, Evening Coffee Caf Day, Baner
I am going to miss you for an entire week. I am so used to your irritating voice that its impossible now to 
live without you, even for a day, Vikki said sipping his coffee.
Vikki and Kavya were at Baners Coffee Caf Day, chitchatting over steaming hot cups of coffee. Though 
there were many eateries on Baner Road, she preferred to go to a coffee shop every time since the 
place was relatively quiet and you could hear the other person speak. They had ordered snacks and 
were gossiping about their Vikkis love life. Enjoy your freedom with your girlfriend. Once I am back, I 
am not going to leave you both alone even while youre having sex, Kavya teased him by poking him in 
the arm. If thats the case, I better dont tell you my honeymoon room number, Vikki added.
You are never true friends unless you chat about useless and irrelevant topics. Kavya and Vikki 
discussed every silly topic under the sun, but whenever Kavya had to go to her hometown, it made 
Vikki sad and lonely. Kavya was leaving around night-time, alone, as her parents had already left a day 
before. She was going to return after a week and there were chances that her return might get 
prolonged depending on the health of her grandmother, which had turned critical in the past few days. 
Hence, Vikki and Kavya had decided to spend some time together since they were not going to see 
each other for long.
You are supposed to reach your friends party, right? she asked.
Yeah. Rohith and Riddhima are finally dating each other. So its party time. I am going directly from here, 
Vikki stated.
Cool. Everyone is finding true love these days. Is there some discount offer going on? Kavya joked.
Should I laugh? Vikki smirked.
As if I care, Kavya said dismissively.
The waiter served the Chocolate Brownie that they had ordered and both pounced on it like they were 
Tom and Jerry. Within seconds, it was over and they laughed looking at the chocolate on each others 
faces. Kavya glanced at Vikki as she licked the last bits of chocolate on the spoon. Suddenly, a feeling 
of emptiness overcame her as she realized she would be staying away from Vikki for more than a 
week.
Vikkitell me, franklyWhat all will you miss about me? she asked in a low tone.
Vikki was busy on his mobile phone. Before he could answer Kavya, he got a call from Rohith enquiring 
about his whereabouts.
I am on my way. Reaching in an hour. Sorry buddy, I got stuck in traffic.
Vikki made up an excuse since he wanted to spend some time with Kavya. There was no way he could 
have reached NIBM in an hour during evening hours. Vikki kept his phone aside and asked Kavya to 
repeat her question.
You should be paying more attention. I simply asked what will you miss about me in my absence, Kavya 
said in an irritated tone.
I will miss everything about you. You are a single piece in this whole world. They stopped making friends 
like you a long time ago, Vikki answered.
He got up from the couch and gave Kavya a tight hug to show how much she meant to him. Soon, they 
decided it was time to leave. They walked to the parking lot, with Vikki guiding her to the car. He 
opened the door and realized that he had not locked his car.
How many times do I need to tell you to check whether the doors are locked properly or not? You are so 
careless, Vikki. Do you realize your car could have been stolen? Kavya shouted.
They stared at each other for a few seconds and burst out laughing. Kavya always shouted at him for 
being so careless with his things but he never bothered with it.
Should I leave? she asked finally.
Yeah. Take care and happy journey. Call me once you leave for the station, he said in a sad tone.
Vikki and Kavya were inseparable and whenever they were forced to part from each other for a long 
period of time, neither took it too well. Both were lucky to have each other in their lives and did not for 
once take their friendship for granted. Though Kavya was leaving for a fortnight, Vikki was pained by 
the temporary separation since he was so used to her company. They spent most of their hours together 
and it would be difficult for Vikki to lead a life in her absence, even for a few days. Vikki waved back 
at Kavya from inside his car. He then scrolled down his message folder to the SMS he had received from 
Rohith a while ago giving Riddhimas address. He then headed straight to her place.
 
Please bring some candles along, Riddhima asked Rohith over the phone. He was on his way to her 
home.
They had made preparations to spend a perfect evening together, complete with music and drinks. As 
he took out his mobile phone from his pocket, he glanced at the wallpaper on the screen which had 
Riddhimas picture. He had changed his wallpaper to her picture that very morning itself. He typed her a 
message:
You will look ravishing covered in my kisses. You always ask me whether you are better than my ex or 
not, so let me tell you the truth todayno one can be compared to you, my love. I love you so much and I 
wonder to myself why? You know what they saywhen you know why you like someone, its a crush and 
when you cant think of a reason or explanation, its love.
He read the message once again before pressing the send button. He re-read it twice and then thought 
of deleting it. After all, it had only been a day since they started seeing each other. He feared what 
Riddhima would think about him. But the best conversations are those that never take place, like the 
messages that we never send.
Rohith reached Riddhimas house and knocked on the door. She let him inside, though something had 
changed this time; earlier he used to visit to learn French and now he was here to teach her how to 
French kiss, if the stars favoured him. He called Vikki to ask him where was and how long hed take to 
reach.
Vikki was about to reach Rohiths place when suddenly he took a U-turn in high speed.
The other cars came to a halt the moment Vikki took the sudden turn and sped away.
While he was waiting for the signal to turn green, he received a message. He immediately called on the 
unknown number and before the person on the other end could explain the whole thing, he ended the 
call. Suddenly, he felt numblike his whole world had come crashing down. He couldnt believe his ears. It 
was, by far, the worst news of his life.
He stepped on the accelerator and drove the car at full speed. He informed Rohith that he couldnt make 
it as he had to see Kavya urgently. He parked the car outside a hospital and rushed in. As he made his 
way towards the main entrance to the hospital, he realized he had not locked the car.
Kavyas words reverberated in his ears: How many times should I tell you to check whether the doors are 
locked properly or not? You are so careless, Vikki. As he thought about how she had lectured him for 
being careless, tears rolled down his eyes.
He thought about all the crazy moments they had spent together. He remembered their long drives and 
the way she tickled him while he drove. She was the password to his life like he was to hers. Without 
each other for support, they were left clueless. Vikkis mind had gone completely blank and he didnt 
know what to do. In such situations, Kavya would be the first person he wouldve called, but who should 
he call in her absence? Kavya had been admitted in the hospital and as he stood by the door to her 
hospital room, he missed that support of hers he had always taken for granted.
With heavy steps, he walked towards the hospital bed. It was heartbreaking for him to see his best 
friend in the hospital, someone he was laughing with just a few hours ago. It was heartbreaking to see 
such a jolly person lying in a hospital bed hooked up to machines. It was hard for him to imagine that 
she was the same Kavya who used to tease him every now and then. She was the same Kavya who 
would wipe the tears off his eyes. The same Kavya was now lying lifeless on the bed. He felt uneasy 
looking at her in that condition. The doctors had kept her under observation and didnt tell Vikki why 
she had been admitted. Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined something so heartbreaking. 
Kavyas parents were informed and Vikki dealt with the rest of the formalities. He tried to keep a check 
on his emotions and knew that if he let a single tear flow, he would never be able to stop. He managed 
to remain composed, at least until he got back in his shower where his tears could mix with the water 
and nobody would know. He sat outside the room, begging for this to be nothing but a dream. He 
desperately wanted to collapse into someones arms. He had told Meena about it all and she rushed to 
join him, leaving all her work aside.
When someone you love, someone you wished to spend your life with, departs unexpectedly, it leaves 
you completely drainedphysically and mentally. Vikki wanted to scream in pain but tried to gather 
courage since he knew Kavya needed him. For all the times she had stood by him, it was time for him to 
payback.
 
A few hours earlier Coffee Caf Day, Baner
Vikki waved Kavya goodbye and drove away. Kavya stood there, alone and helpless, with different 
emotions running through her head. Though she was going away for a fortnight, it felt like a year to her. 
She remembered how he made her so happy and carefree. As much as we wish for things to stay the 
same, uncertainty is an inevitable part of our life. Kavya had thought of celebrating her birthday with 
Vikki and Mahek, but if she had to stay for long in her hometown, she might have to celebrate it 
alone, without her friends. This made her more upset and she stood there looking at his car until it 
disappeared from her sight. She just hoped to return before her birthday and wished for a miracle which 
would prolong her stay in Pune.
Just when her mind was buzzing with a million questions, she got a call from her mom.
Yes, mom. I have packed my bags. Dad will be come to pick me up, right? she said walking on the 
pavement trying to hail an autorickshaw.
Yes, beta. He will be there to pick you up before your train reaches. Dont worry.
Now, where are you? There is so much noise in the background, her mom asked.
I had come to meet Vikki and now Im looking for an auto to go home. He was getting late and so he 
left in a hurry. He wouldve dropped me, but I told him not to.
Since there were very few autos around, she was having difficulty finding one to take her home. The few 
that she tried to hail whizzed past her without stopping. Upon spotting an auto on the other side of the 
road, she put the call on hold and screamed at the top of her lungs, Chaloge bhaiya? The auto driver 
turned the meter down and told her to come to his side of the road.
Mom, Ive got an auto. I will call you once I reach home. Take care. Bye, Kavya said signalling the auto 
driver to wait for a moment.
Ok, beta. Take care. And dont talk to strangers on the train. Take everything you need with you.
Dont irritate me, mom, Kavya smirked and hung up.
She disconnected the call and saw an unread message pop up on her mobile screen. She read it while 
hurriedly crossing the road. It was Meena: Hey, Babe. Happy journey and do miss us. We will miss you, 
especially.
Before she could read the complete message, a tempo coming at her at full speed knocked her down. All 
of a sudden, traffic came to a standstill and a huge crowd gathered around her. Before she could realize 
what had actually happened, she felt a sharp pain all over her body. She was lying in a pool of blood, 
with injuries all over her body. The tempo driver had feared a collision with another bike coming from 
the wrong lane, so he had turned his vehicle around, only to crash into Kavya. Some people started 
abusing the tempo driver while some took his side saying it was not his fault and just an accident. 
Whoevers fault it was, the bottom-line was that Kavya was lying on the road soaked in blood.
She couldnt move even an inch of her body. She was seriously wounded and had sustained injuries on 
the head and face. Her nose was bleeding and her legs were badly bruised. No one around her bothered 
to call an ambulance or cared to pick her up and rush her to the hospital. She could see some bikers 
driving by on the other lane and tried to scream for help but no sound escaped her lips. The crowd kept 
watching her as she floundered in pain. Each minute seemed like a lifetime. She wished she could call 
Vikki but even her hands felt lifeless and she could not lift them up.
Helphelpsomeone call the ambulance, someone screamed.
Another person called for the ambulance and told them to rush to the spot looking at the grave nature 
of her injuries. She was taken to Mid Point hospital and two people from the crowd volunteered to go 
with her. One of them checked the last dialled list in her mobile and informed everyone she had called in 
the recent past. Vikki and her mom were two of them. She was immediately admitted in the 
emergency and was kept under observation till she regained consciousness.
All her happiness had come to an abrupt end. It had put a sudden stop on her life, something she hadnt 
expected. All the lives associated with her were shattered. Vikki rushed to the hospital once he was 
told what had happened.
Every time Vikki and Kavya met, they made each other laugh. Every time she smiled, it made the sun 
come out from behind the clouds of his heart. It seemed impossible to live without her. But now he was 
left with only hope. A hope to smile together again, a hope to tease each other again, a hope of her 
shouting at him for not keeping things in place, hope a for walking together again around the college 
campus.
Sometimes, life is so unpredictable; you meet a person and everything goes along at its own smooth 
pace. The next moment, you get the news that the person is fighting for their life and it renders you 
miserable and heartbroken.
 
Mid Point Hospital, Aundh
Misfortune flooded the lives of Kavyas parents. Upon hearing the news of her daughters tragic accident, 
they were shocked. Waiting outside Kavyas hospital room, Vikki was lost his thoughts.
I should have dropped you. I shouldnt have left you alone. What if no one would have helped you? I 
wouldnt have forgiven myself my entire life. I had planned a surprise for you on your birthday. Tell me, 
this is all a big joke and that you will get up and come along for a movie and cut the cake too. I owe you 
a drink, too, remember? Ok, dont show up for the birthday party but please get up. Hold my hand and 
never let go. Just give me one more chance to tell you how much you mean to me. I am ready to fight 
with the almighty to bring you back. I am ready to bribe him too, but just come back. I cant see you like 
this in a hospital bed, cold and numb. Please pull through; I know you can make it. Dont make me cry. 
Are you so angry with me? My life is nothing without you. There are other ways to tease me, why 
choose this one? Whether I appreciate you or not, youre always in my heart and I need you to comfort 
me. I am not going to let you shut your eyes forever. Our friendship cant be so short. How can I say 
goodbye so soon? 
A Different Kind of Pain
Mid Point Hospital, Aundh
Vikki had never thought something like this would happen and that he would end up missing Kavya so 
much. He had never asked God for anything before in his entire life, but this situation forced him to pray 
for Kavya. He closed his eyes and prayed to God for her speedy recovery. He wouldnt have minded 
switching places with Kavya and be the one suffering. In fact, he would have accepted it happily had it 
meant Kavya would be okay. He wanted Kavya back in his life, and was willing to do whatever it took.
Just then he heard Meenas voice asking, Vikki, how is Kavya? What happened exactly? Did you inform 
her parents? What did the doctor say?
He could tell she was worried about her. She had grown increasingly close with Kavya in the past couple 
of months and wanted to know if she was doing okay. As soon as he saw Mahek, he couldnt control 
himself anymore; he collapsed in her arms, crying like a little baby. He recounted the entire scenario to 
her and hugged her in dismay.
Stop crying. Everything will be all right. If you will act weak like this, then who will be her strength? said 
Mahek wrapping her arms around him.
I shouldnt have listened to her. I should have dropped her home even though she kept saying no.
Did you inform her parents? Meena asked.
Vikki nodded and told her that theyll be reaching any moment. How cruel can life be? It was Christmas 
week and they were sitting in the hospital praying for their friend. So many times we take our life for 
granted and say I wish I could die or I will die if you dont do this and that without realizing that someday 
our wish might just come true.
Mahek brought some sandwiches for Vikki but he refused to eat. Mahek didnt force him too much 
since she knew his mind was preoccupied with thoughts of Kavya. Just when she took a seat beside him, 
they saw Kavyas parents walking towards them. Vikki got up from his seat and took them to the ICU 
where Kavya was admitted. Her mom broke down as soon as she saw her little girl hooked to machines. 
Her dad went to speak with the doctor to find out how grave her condition was and to complete the 
necessary formalities as well.
We will keep her under observation for the next 48 hours. There are many stitches on her legs and she 
has suffered a severe head injury. Theres damage to her brain. Even after she comes back to her senses, 
she may have partial memory loss or loss of vision.
You all need to be strong.
Silence filled the air for a few seconds until Kavyas dad asked, Doctor, will she recover soon?
The doctor just gave a pat on her dads shoulder and left. Vikki felt like threatening the doctor into 
treating her properly and giving her the best possible care, but in such situations we forget that doctors 
are not Gods who can do everything. All they could do was wait for Kavya to come back to life.
 
They waited impatiently for the hours to pass, holding on to the belief that Kavya would open her eyes 
and break into a smile, bringing back joy into their world. No one was able to sleep and almost everyone 
had given up on eating. Each minute made them physically weak. Their only glimmer of hope was that 
Kavya was responding well to medicines and treatment. Vikki was missing her kid-like behaviour and 
her sweet smile. It hurts when the hand that supports you is suddenly snatched away from your life, 
leaving you to think what went wrong. Mahek, too, was missing the sweet friend she had found in 
Kavya. Most hurt in all this were her parents. They couldnt see their daughter covered in bandages and 
in so much pain. She had been the apple of their eyes and they had always treated her like a princess 
and always protected her with love and care. Finally, after 24 hours had passed, the doctor approached 
them with a smile on his face, saying she was out of danger, though unconscious at the moment.
Vikki peeped into her room through the little window. She looks so innocent, he thought. It seemed as 
though she was watching a beautiful dream and would open her eyes only once the dream ended. Her 
body was covered with a bed sheet and different machines were monitoring her heartbeat, blood 
pressure; and pulse rate, and it scared Vikki. He felt helpless, like nothing was in his control. He could 
take care of a bruise on the knee, but this was above his scope of knowledge. Everytime her heartbeat 
showed a decline on the monitor, he would break out into a sweat, worried he was losing her. Though 
he was crying on the inside, he didnt let his real emotions show and kept up a brave front in front of her 
parents who were crying inconsolably.
It was 3 pm in the afternoon when everyone finally decided to grab something to eat. Right after Mahek 
had taken a bite of her sandwich, she saw Kavya move slightly. She dropped her sandwich on the ground 
and rushed to call the doctors. They came rushing to examine her. Kavya was doing everything in her 
capacity to fight against the odds. As she slowly opened her eyes, everyone stood by her side in eager 
anticipation. One of the doctors examined her while the nurses assisted him in checking her pulses.
How are you feeling now? the doctor asked but Kavya didnt respond.
He repeated his question, Kavya, how are you feeling?
She still gave a blank expression. Everyone got tense. Her parents tried to communicate with her but 
failed. Her mom broke down in tears again, asking what was wrong. Kavya was struggling to talk.
Vikki went closer to her but she didnt even look at him. Her eyes were fixed on the ceiling above.
Kavya, dont you recognize me? Im Vikki. How are you? We missed you so much. We were so afraid. 
We thought we had lost you forever. You know, I even prayed to God for the first time in my life for your 
fast recovery. After all, we have to celebrate your birthday with a bang
Kavya still didnt show any reaction to what he was saying. Vikki was getting increasingly worried.
Are you feeling better? Vikki continued asking her but this time, his tone showed traces of tension.
She slowly moved her eyes towards Vikki but within a fraction of second, she again looked away.
There is too much darkness here. I cant see anything. Mom, are you there? I cant see you, Mom. Vikki, 
where are you standing? Is dad here? she murmured.
The doctor told everyone to wait outside as he questioned Kavya. She was speaking fine but everyone 
was confused and worried about her reaction. They couldnt control their anxiety and wanted to know 
what was going on. Though she had woken up, it seemed like she hadnt fully recovered. For a fraction of 
a second, everyone was happy, but their happiness was temporary. Though there was enough light in 
the room, she couldnt see. It could mean only one thing they shuddered to even think about it. The 
doctors came out in a few minutes and told what they had been trying to avoid. Kavya had lost her 
vision!
Their world came crashing down. How would Kavya engage with the world now? It seemed like she was 
struggling with a range of emotionsfrom shock and anger to sadness and frustration. Her life had lost its 
colours, except for black, which isnt the most reassuring colour to wake up to. Her parents tried to 
console Kavya, but somewhere deep down within themselves, they too were bleeding tears of sorrow. 
Their little princess had lost her vision! They stood beside her, holding one of her hands. Vikki couldnt 
believe this was happening. He couldnt digest the fact that Kavya couldnt see him anymore which meant 
that they couldnt go around the city on his bike irritating people, they couldnt watch a movie together, 
and she couldnt tell him which colour tshirts look better on him. Mahek too was sobbing away in a 
corner.
Kavya was trying to recollect how the accident exactly happened. She had lost her hope to live. She 
didnt say anything to anyone and was lost in her own thoughts.
Now what am I supposed to do? How would I cope? Dad was just going to gift me a new bike on this 
birthday, but now whats the use? How will I go out shopping?
Her family had to finally accept her condition and figure out how they could support her. Kavya felt 
guilty of putting her parents through so much hurt and pain.
Mom, now I am just a burden to you guys. It was my time to take care of you in your old age but now 
you need to take care of me. I have become useless, Kavya cried.
No beta. You are still our princess and you will always be. You are not only our daughter but our son too. 
A child can never be a burden on their parents. Dont stress out. We all are here for you, her mom 
reassured her and gave her a tight hug.
Vikki, are you here? Where are you? Come near me, Kavya added.
Vikki cursed the fate that put her through this. The girl who would pinch him, jump on him, and do all 
kinds of crazy things in the world couldnt see him anymore.
He went closer to her and said, Kavya, get well soon. We will go out again and have fun. We will again 
blow bubbles in the air and trouble everyone on our way. This time, I wont stop you, Vikki said 
controlling his tears.
Kavya smiled slightly and said, But I cant be your security guard anymore.
Vikki couldnt control his emotions anymore and a drop of tear fell on her hand.
What is this, Vikki? Why are you crying? You should be happy that now no one can trouble you to 
clean your room. Does Mahek know how sloppy you are? Yes, I do, Mahek said from a distance.
Oh, Mahek. Sorry, I didnt see youoh, I mean, hear you, Kavya said correcting her mistake.
She felt uncomfortable using the word see as it held no value in her life anymore. It was important for 
everyone to be sensitive and empathetic towards her treatment because the degree of depression 
Kavya may be overcome by was high. So many times we see blind people around us but never 
understand their pain and struggle. Its rightly said that we can understand what a person goes through 
only when we are forced to walk in their shoes. One moment had changed everything.
 
31st December, 2009, New Years Eve Midpoint Hospital, Aundh
Vikki had decided to spend New Years Eve with Kavya at the hospital itself. Doctors had said that she 
would be discharged within 6 weeks, depending on the rate of her recovery. Looking at her response to 
the treatment, everyone was happy. The doctors said that if she co-operates and shows the same kind 
of progress, they could take her home in a month. There was no way that Vikki and Mahek would 
have celebrated their first new year together leaving Kavya alone in a hospital bed. They decided to stay 
with her and share their happiness with her.
At the stroke of midnight, everyone wished each other and prayed for a better year ahead of them, 
especially for Kavyas fast recovery. Kavya looked upset and cursed her fate. She remembered how she 
had done crazy things the last New Years Eve with Vikki.
I have a surprise for you, Vikki said to Kavya.
Whats that? Kavya asked.
He removed a letter from his bag and started reading it to her in the presence of the hospital staff and 
Kavyas parents.
Happy New Year! Its that time again, when we shed the old and welcome the new. We say goodbye to 
the past and are encouraged by the chance to start again. People disregard and down-talk new years 
resolutions because we never keep them anyway. But I am not talking about a resolution to be 
attempted and discarded. I am taking about a new way life. Its almost a week that you have been here, 
unaware of whats happening in the world. But I promise that I will be your vision from now onwards. 
Mahek too wants you to get well soon so that you can go around with her, teasing boys on the road like 
you used too. She will not let you run away from the happiness that you so deserve. I know what this 
year was like for you and for all of us. There were some heartbreaks, lost opportunities and broken 
dreams too. Maybe, there was frustration and anger too. But my dearest friend, where there is life, 
there is hope. It may not be exactly what you want, but you have the power to change it. Starting with 
how you see yourself and how you see others. When you know that you are valuable and truly, 
genuinely, like yourself, that love spreads to everyone around you. Im not talking about the loud self-
confidence that shouts for attention. I mean the quiet confidence that whispers I know who I am. With 
that type of self-esteem, you dis-empower the words of abuse in your life. You shoot your insecurities 
down to the ground and you show that hateful voice in your head whos the boss. Your parents, Mahek 
and Iwe all love you. Forever. You are our princess. And dont worry, I will never tell your parents about 
the stuff we did this year.
Heaven must be looking down over us because they blessed me with you. I know times are tough, but 
we are each others strength. I love you so much, my dearest friend, so remember that you are my hope 
which is the ultimate desire of all human kind. No matter how terrible the tragedies of life, as long as we 
can catch a glimmer of hope, we can survive lifes worst encounters. Promise me, you will never cry and 
will smile always as thats what makes you beautiful. Whatever may be the situation; you will survive and 
remain unchanged as we love our Kavya who is as nutty as a fruit cake. Your birthday is nearing and we 
will celebrate it together like we did last year. Such accidents cant spare the city from our harassment 
and pagal-panti.
After the letter ended, everyone around broke into a loud applause. In the midst of all the pain she was 
suffering, Vikkis friendship was her only hope. He was sacrificing his social life just for her happiness 
and just so he could pamper her. Indeed, nothing had changed after Maheks entry into his life. Mahek 
was lucky that she had a partner like Vikki who was so caring and affectionate towards his loved ones. 
Vikki was equally lucky as he had unconditional support and understanding from his love. Kavya was 
the luckiest of all as she had both Vikki and Mahek in her life.
 
10th January, 2010 Mid Point Hospital, Aundh
There are two types of pain that we encounter in our lives: One that hurts you and other that changes 
you. Kavya had encountered the storm of pain but it didnt hurt her, rather it made her strong as a 
person.
It had almost been a fortnight since Kavya had been admitted and her determination gave her strength 
everyday. She was getting used to her life a day at a time. The doctors had shifted her from the ICU to a 
regular room. Her pill intake was reduced as she had recovered partially. Slowly, she had again started 
smiling even though the pain of the physical wounds was visible on her face. Her smile didnt mean that 
her life was perfect, but that she appreciated what she had. She was trying to do things on her own 
though it wasnt always easy for her.
Vikki wanted to make her birthday special as Kavya had gone through so much in the past few days 
and deserved every chance of happiness she got. Kavyas parents had cooperated with Vikki who 
wanted to celebrate her birthday at the hospital like no one would have imagined. He wished her at 
midnight and came to the hospital early morning with a surprise.
Kavya was sleeping in her room when he tiptoed into the room. Mahek had already decorated the 
hospital room with a few balloons and ribbons while Kavya was asleep. Though they knew that Kavya 
would not be able to see the decoration, they didnt care. The cake was ready on the folding table that 
Vikki had got with him. The visitors who were sitting outside peeped into the room to see what was 
happening. Vikki played the birthday song on his mobile and Kavya woke up to a shock.
Everyone, including Kavyas parents, clapped and cheered for her. Mom, are Vikki and Mahek here? 
Kavya asked.
Yes.
The birthday song continued and Kavya felt extremely special. She couldnt believe all the arrangement 
her friends had done just to make her feel special. Her mom told her that her friends had brought the 
cake and decorated the room with balloons and ribbons.
Tears rolled down her eyes and she asked, Vikki, why you are doing so much for me? You people are 
making me feel so special, as if I am going to die in few months, she winked.
You will never change, right? Mahek said and continued, Dont say that ever again.
You want me to?
Never.
Vikki helped her cut the cake with a knife and they once again sang Happy Birthday in chorus. Kavya 
fed the first piece of the cake to her parents followed by Vikki and Mahek. Even the nurses and 
doctors joined later and wished her well. She had won the hearts of the doctors too with her innocent 
smile.
Kavya, get ready for the surprise, Vikki announced.
He opened the play list in the mobile and played the byte he had recorded over the past few days. The 
recording had one message each from her parents, Vikki and Mahek. He had edited the unclear part 
out and had added soft music in the background. Once played, it sounded like a song.
Vikki began, Kavya everyone loves you and this is just a small token of love from our side. Here are the 
messages that everyone wants to give on your birthday
Mahek: Hey Kavya, a very happy birthday to you! Fun is waiting for us outside. Get well soon. We are 
the kind of friends who, when in a hospital together, would race our wheelchairs up and down the 
corridor and halls yelling Gotta go.
Vikki: Its a special day in your life. Happy birthday. I am luckyto have a friend who always seems to 
make me laugh at my lowest point, just want to say thanks for knowing what I need. Everyone should 
have a best friend like you. But they shouldnt steal mine. You are my best friend. I love you.
Mom: Happy birthday, beta. What should I say? Our home is lonely without you. There is no one at 
home who makes a mess of the room, throwing clothes here and there. Even our maid goes home early 
nowadays. Sometimes, you are mad at me. Sometimes, I am mad at you. But I still enjoy playing the part 
of your mother as we would really go mad without you. Come home soon and bring it back to life.
Dad: Wish you a warm birthday, my princess. As you father, I have always secretly hated the fact that 
you are growing up because I know that every passing moment brings me one step closer to the day 
when I will have to give your hand to another man. Daddy loves you, sweetheart.
By the time the recording ended, there was a huge smile on Kavyas face. She felt like she was able to see 
everyone. She was able to visualize their expressions. It was probably one of her best birthdays, even 
though it was celebrated in a hospital room. Kavya thanked everyone for their warm wishes through 
such a lovely medium. If you have people like them around you, life is awesome. Such incidents make 
you realize that money and success are nothing. Its the love and affection from your family and friends 
that matters the most.
 
29th January, 2010
Friendships are what make us strong when we feel weak, happy when we feel sad, and comforted when 
we feel alone. Vikki and Kavyas relationship had proved that you dont need a boyfriend or a girlfriend 
to be happy, all you need is a good friend who is always putting a smile on your face. Mahek and Kavyas 
relationship had also proved that two girls can be best friends and wish for each others betterment, no 
matter where life takes you. One month had passed since the accident and Kavya was finally getting 
discharged. Her dad had gone back home while her grandmother who was in a critical condition all that 
while had passed away. To perform the rituals, her dad had left Pune and was supposed to be back after 
two weeks. We all had a brief talk with the doctors and they had given a green signal to take her home, 
but they told us to take care of her as for the first time she was going to witness the outside world 
without her eyes. They had even told us that in such situations, the patient doesnt react very well and 
may take out her frustration on someone. So we had to be prepared for it.
Wear this whenever you go out, the doctor said giving her a pair of dark glasses as she got up from her 
bed.
Ok, doctor, Kavya smiled.
Thank god she didnt ask for a Ray Ban, Vikki joked.
Kavya tried to pinch him in the direction where she heard his voice but missed him by a whisker. She got 
a bit annoyed and Vikki sensed her agitation. He purposely went closer to her in the direction of her 
hands so that she could pinch him.
See; dont think that if I cant see then I wont be able to trouble you, Kavya said with a smile on her face.
Vikki held her hand and felt a bit uneasy looking at Kavyas condition. A girl, who was so colourful and 
lively, who made everyone around her happy and always took care of everyone, needed support today 
to even get out of her bed. It was commendable on Vikki and Maheks part that they had been with 
Kavya every moment since the last one month and had never made her feel alone.
Kavyas mom made her sit in Vikkis car and Vikki drove the car towards her home.
Kavya sat expressionless in the car as she couldnt see anything outside the window. Mahek cracked 
some jokes to lighten her mood. As they reached her home, Kavya asked Vikki to take her to her 
room.
Please, take me in front of the mirror, Kavya said.
Vikki did as was told without asking her any questions. Kavya stood in front of the mirror and stared at 
it.
She gave a little smile to Vikki and said, I just wanted to see how I look after an accident. I was 
imagining what the mirror would show. My cuts, dark circles under my eyes and the stick that I am 
holding?
The hardest things to come to terms with had been not being able to see her own reflection in the 
mirror. She felt like she had lost her identity.
Dont stress yourself, out, Vikki said trying to console her. He could understand the mental trauma and 
crisis of identity she was going through.
Its so much harder to feel sexy and attractive when I have no idea what clothes I am putting on, or how 
my mascara looks, Kavya continued.
Vikki made her sit down on the bed and held her hand. It was a difficult phase in their life but Vikki 
knew that he was her courage. He too, had undergone all the pain, mentally, in the last one month 
though he didnt show it to anyone. Meena too had to sacrifice a lot over past the few days for Kavya. 
They both loved Kavya and were ready to spend the rest of their lives making her happy.
 
Kavya had a habit of switching her TV on as soon as she sat on the bed in her room. But now even that 
was not possible. She tried to recollect where everything was placed in her room and made her way 
around the room, touching everything on the way. But when she wakes up in the morning and opens 
her eyes, there would be nothing but endless darkness.
Those little things that everyone takes for granted are the ones that make life impossible as a blind 
personlike pouring boiling water to make a cup of tea or even sending a message through your mobile. 
Every day she grieved for her independence and the person she was before. And it was not just her sight 
that was gone, even her college life had abruptly come to an end. She relied on her parents and friends 
completely for everythingfrom reading messages to shopping. She just couldnt shake off the feeling of 
being trapped inside her own body.
Old habits die hard, but Kavya was determined to let go of her past and build a strong future. Gradually, 
she started walking alone around her home and Mahek, being a girl, helped her a lot with things she 
couldnt talk to her parents about. Vikki had promised her that he would never let the fun die in their 
relationship and he stood by his words. After a week of being discharged, he regularly took Kavya out for 
a walk in the garden would dutifully describe the surroundings to herhow the children played, oldies 
jogged and couples kissed.
Day by day, Kavya started feeling better and the presence of her family and friends made her life 
beautiful in its own way. She too loved all the attention she got. The threads of their friendship had 
strengthened even more and they were her strength in the true sense of the word. Every moment spent 
with them motivated her and gave a hope to live a new life all over again. To enjoy the new life as she 
did before. To make everyone happy around her.
Life is too short to cry over what is lost; Kavya made it the motive of her life to spread happiness around 
her. She did miss seeing the clouds in the bright blue sky and the stars twinkle at night. She would run 
her hands over the faces of people she met so that she could visualize their faces in her head. At times, 
she thought being blind was a good thing in a way. That way, she didnt have to see all the ugliness thats 
penetrated into our world. She now saw the world through Vikki and Maheks eyes. 
Trust Me, Im Freaking Serious!
9th February, 2010 Vikkis Apartment
In life, everyone meets that one person they can talk to about anything. For Vikki, that person was 
Kavya. Some people think a friend is somebody youve known forever. But its never like that. Its really 
about who stood by you through everything. Vikki and Kavya didnt even know each other a few years 
back but today they meant everything to each other. Many even thought that they loved each other 
until Mahek entered Vikkis life.
Vikki was sitting in his room and was flipping through his childhood album with a glass of beer in his 
hand. After Kavyas accident, he had started feeling alone though he always tried to keep himself busy. 
Even in the midst of it all this, he was missing his parents. He kept thinking if something like this would 
have happened to him, who would have been his moral support. Kavyas parents supported and loved 
her like anything. Vikki felt depressed thinking about it and missed the fatherly touch of his dad and 
the motherly care of his mom. Though his uncle supported him financially and treated him like a son, no 
one can replace the love of parents.
As he was flipping through the albums, his phone buzzed. It was Rohith.
Where have you been these past few days? Youve hardly come on Gtalk.
I told you, I was busy at the hospital. My friend is admitted there.
Rohith had tried reaching Vikki a couple of times on phone, but Vikki hardly ever responded. Vikki 
had told him that once Kavya was discharged from the hospital, he would meet him and his love 
Riddhima.
You have still not met Riddhima. When are you meeting us? And how is Kavya?
She is fine. I will meet you guys soon. Anyway, I thought since you now have a girlfriend, you wont get 
any time to meet your friends. That is what generally happens, Vikki smirked.
They talked for some time and then Vikki started to watch a movie on his laptop. He just wanted to 
get over his feeling of loneliness. Mahek was busy and so he thought a movie would help.
 
When your relationship goes through some crisis and youre still able to sustain it, your relationship 
becomes more powerful than ever before.
Sometimes, the strongest of all relationships start out with a small friendship and work its way up. 
Mahek and Vikkis relationship had started with a friendship though it had been intentionally planned 
so by Kavya. However, Rohith and Riddhimas friendship was never intentional. Though Rohith was in a 
relationship with Zoya, it was nearly impossible for Riddhima to forget Rohith as she loved him and that 
love had made a huge impact on her life. Vikki and I, together, made Rohith realize the value of her 
love and he was extremely happy being in a relationship with her. Sometimes, he did remember Zoya, 
and whenever that happened, I had to travel from Mumbai to Pune just to make him understand that its 
over. After all, he treated me more as a friend than a brother. More importantly, he didnt regret his 
decision of choosing Riddhima as his life partner.
Vikki had been stressed since the last few weeks and needed to take rest. He didnt realize when he 
fell asleep while watching the movie. Suddenly, the bell rang and he got up. It was Mahek. He was 
surprised to see her at that hour of the day.
Did you bunk your classes? Vikki asked.
Yes. Because I want to make out with you right now. And there is a reason behind it.
Before Vikki could answer, she pushed him against the wall. He stared at her for a few moments, and 
suddenly the air filled with tension. He leaned back and his hand accidentally fell into a bowl of ketchup 
kept on the table next to the wall. Mahek licked the sauce from his fingers and the sensation of her 
touch made his body tickle.
She bit his palms softly and licked his wrist. Her hands came up and grasped his bicep firmly, pushing up 
his sleeve as her tongue licked the inside of his elbow. She began to make soft moaning sounds and he 
watched her, hypnotized, eyes wide, unable to pull back from her. Her lips moved swiftly from his elbow 
to his neck, and he felt the touch of her hot breath on his cold skin. He slowly removed her top exposing 
her skin. She was trying to unbuckle his belt. She became more furious with every attempt. He pushed 
her against the wall and removed his belt. She pulled down his pants and underpants, and brought him 
closer to herself. He let his gaze explore her flawless skin and continued kissing her all over, making her 
moan in delight. He held her by her hair and bit her neck. She threw her head back and cried out in 
pleasure.
Did you come here to tell me something or just to make out? Vikki asked teasing her.
Yes.
So tell me. What is it?
How do you know Rohith? Do you know him personally or did you two ever meet? Mahek asked, looking 
in his eyes.
Kind of. I had met him on a random blog on some bloggers website. I liked his views and had thus added 
him on my Gmail account. Then gradually, we started chatting.
But what happened?
So youve never met?
Yes. The first time we met was because I needed some information regarding an orphanage.
Never through Orkut or Facebook? Meena continued asking questions.
Mahek, you know I am not on Orkut. And forget Facebook. I dont understand anything about it. You 
think I am hiding something from you? Vikki asked in frustration and pushed her away from him.
Facebook had just been launched and not many people had created accounts on it. It just slipped my 
mind that you are not on Orkut. So you have just met once? You are acting like CID, he said raising his 
voice.
Answer me, she asked again.
Ok, let me tell you everything. We started talking casually on Gtalk. He used to tell me about his love life 
and his ex-girlfriend, Zoya. But then I told him that he should move on and now, he is dating Riddhima. 
He was confused about the decision so at that time I met him along with his cousin, Aditya. In fact, I was 
going to meet him on the same day the accident took place. Remember I told you I was going to meet a 
friend but you didnt know him? Its the same guy.
Oh, now I get it. Did you ever tell him about me? Mahek said looking anxious.
Probably a few times, I had told him I am in love and was going to propose to my love. But I never 
mentioned your name. You know, I dont reveal such things because Im afraid of losing people. But will 
you tell me what happened with him and why you are asking about him?
Thank God, you never mentioned my name to him. I was so afraid that I came running to ask you, said 
Mahek breathing a sigh of relief.
Why?
Because he happens to be my cousin.
Vikki immediately got up from his bed. He couldnt believe what he had heard. There was pin-drop 
silence in the room with both of them staring at each other. He reconfirmed whether he had heard her 
correctly or not. Mahek nodded in agreement. Vikkis face turned deathly white. It was nothing but a 
horrifying dream. He tried to recollect all his past discussions with Rohith but still couldnt remember him 
saying anything about Mahek. Nor could he remember Rohith mentioning that he had a sister. This came 
as a real shocker to him. He felt like he had been caught in a crime.
I dont remember Rohith mentioning it.
Why are you getting so restless?
What the fuck do you mean restless? Obviously its come as a shock to me. God dammit, he is your 
brother. How did you come to know that he talks to me? he stammered.
Keep calm. And he is not my first cousin. He is my cousin Mamas son. So in reality hes a distant relative. 
We do meet sometimes and share a good bond but Im surprised your topic never came up whenever I 
met him. Obviously, he couldnt ask me directly whether I was dating someone or not. Neither did I tell 
him. Sometimes, he comes to our place and we have a good time. My family is a bit orthodox and I am 
not comfortable sharing our relationship with my family or Rohith so soon, not until were done with our 
education. Today, I saw him talking on the phone and he was taking your name and even Kavyas. He is 
staying with us tonight. Then when he went to the washroom after sometime, I took his cell phone and 
luckily it was unlocked. I checked the number he had last dialled and it was you. Then I came running to 
you.
Vikki was speechless and felt like banging his head against the wall. He was confused whether he 
should thank his fate that he didnt show her pictures or reveal anything about her to Rohith or curse his 
fate that Mahek was Rohiths cousin. One thing he was sure about was that although Rohith would get 
upset in the beginning after knowing everything, he wont stand in the way of their relationship. He knew 
Rohith liked him as a person and somewhere he thought he should tell Rohith everything rather than 
hiding the truth from him as it would hurt him more later on. He gave it a thought and said,
I think we should tell him. He trusts me and he wont tell anything at home. Trust me.
No, thats impossible. Please. If my parents come to know then they will cut all my freedom away. They 
will doubt me continuously, even when I going to a friends place. We should first complete our 
education. Please, understand. After all he is my brother, she panicked.
Do you know about his current girlfriend?
No. He didnt tell me. But I had met his previous girlfriend Zoya. Rather, he had to introduce her because 
I had seen them together, hand in hand, when I was with my friends. She is a nice girl. We talk 
occasionally, Mahek exclaimed.
Sometimes, its hard to face things you have no control over. Vikki was bold enough to confront 
Maheks cousin, Rohith. Some say love is blind, but love is challenged in all senses. Because no matter 
how hard you try, it will always surprise you. Pleasant ones or shocking ones. Vikki couldnt categorize 
this surprise. Mahek had told him such things about Rohiths previous girlfriend Zoya and their 
relationship that it sent shivers down his spine. He digested the fact that Mahek was Rohiths cousin and 
was ready to face it with courage but whatever she said about Zoya was unbelieveable. Some things in 
life are better left unexplained. Vikki had already starting planning for a double surprise shocker on 
Valentines Day for his friend and future brother-in-law Rohith.
Candy Crush My Heart!
11th February, 2010
Aadi, she wont be here on Valentines Day. She will meet me for a few hours but since we cant go on a 
date together, we are celebrating it today evening. But I just dont know how to make it special for her. 
Please, please tell me what to do, Rohith pleaded with me.
I was in Pune during the Valentines week for my friends marriage and was staying at Rohiths home. 
Rohith and his family were spending a few days at his cousin aunts place in Aundh but Rohith returned 
home early as I was coming. He had told his parents he has some official work to do. The only person 
who knew the real reason why Rohith was coming back home early because of me was Meena. I had 
never interacted with them before, because Rohith was my Masis son and they were his fathers 
relatives. So Mahek and I were not really related as such.
He seemed confused about how he should celebrate his first Valentines Day with Riddhima. She had 
some extra classes to attend on the actual Valentines Day, so they decided to celebrate it early. Anyway, 
when your Valentine is with you, the day doesnt hold importance and even Friendships Day could mean 
Valentines Day to you. Its more about the feelings that two individuals share and how passionate they 
are about each other.
Keep it simple. The simplicity in your love and affection towards her is more important. I have an idea. 
Leave it to me. I will make it memorable for you, I assured him.
Rohith had decided to meet Riddhima in the evening and I still had a few hours to arrange everything. 
For his part, I told him to keep it simple yet special.
Listen, go on a short drive with her first. I will buy you a CD of romantic songs and you can play them in 
your car while you drive to your chosen destination. I am sure she will love it. Later on, take her for a 
romantic dinner to an amazing restaurant. I will check online deals for you so that the meal doesnt drill a 
hole in your pocket. Finally, to end the evening on a perfect note, park your car on some lonely road 
while returning and express your love to her with a soft kiss, I said taking a deep breath after narrating 
the entire plan to him.
I arranged for the CD and bought a deal on Groupon for a meal for two at 50% off at a restaurant in 
Koregaon Park. The restaurant had rooftop dining where you could get a view of the entire city. Rohith 
better treat me for getting him such a great deal, I thought to myself. Every time a guy takes a girl out on 
a date, somewhere in some corner of his mind, hes calculating how much the meal would cost him, even 
if he has a credit card with him. Rohith was happy not only because he was taking Riddhima out on a 
date to one of the best restaurants in the city but also because he was going to pay only half the price. 
Rohith was all geared up for a romantic evening with Riddhima.
 
Rohith took the CD that I had bought from a nearby Pune railway station and kept it on the dashboard of 
the car. He had worn a crisp white shirt and a pair of blue jeans to go with his Woodland shoes. He 
reached Riddhimas apartment and called her to come down. He was waiting outside the car, leaning on 
the door, and kept messaging her to come down soon.
Riddhima was fond of wearing makeup and junk jewellery, and was taking her own time to get ready, 
increasing Rohiths frustration in the process. She was wearing a magenta-coloured designer suit with 
zari work on it. She had teamed the outfit with silver jhumkis and jootis. She had gone light on the 
make-up this time, applying lots of kajal instead, which was Rohiths favourite. As she came outside the 
apartment, he was bowled over by how pretty she looked. How did I get so lucky? he asked her as he 
hugged her tightly.
Rohith opened the door of the car for her like a perfect gentleman. Whats that scent? Riddhima asked as 
she took her seat. Rohith had kept a Milano Sandalwood car freshener in the car so the car smelled nice. 
Riddhimas face glowed in excitement as she inhaled the fragrance. She immediately planted a kiss on 
Rohiths cheek and held him by his arm as he drove the car.
After a few minutes, he told Riddhima to give him the CD that was kept over the dashboard. She saw the 
cover of the CD which 100 Romantic Hit Songs written over it. Most of the songs were her favourite.
Did you purchase it today? she asked.
Yes. I got the CD especially for you since you love these songs. After a lot of effort, I managed to find a 
CD with all your favourite numbers, Rohith replied.
Riddhimas happiness was visible in her eyes. She inserted the CD into the player and was looking at the 
back cover of the CD that had the tracks written on it in chronological order.
No disc, the error message displayed on the screen.
I will kill Aditya if this CD doesnt play, thought Rohith. Keeping his fingers crossed, he ejected the CD 
and, like most guys do, rubbed it on his jeans as if cleaning it. He prayed to God that the CD would work. 
He didnt want to feel embarrassed in front of Riddhima.
It will work. There is some problem with my player. It happens, sometimes, he said trying to save his ass.
Once again, he inserted the CD into the player. Rohith was biting his fingernails in anticipation and 
praying it would work this time, and it did! A song came on and Rohith heaved a sigh of relief. Riddhima 
rested her head on his shoulders and began humming the song.
The song continued for few seconds and then abruptly changed to a new song before the earlier one 
could get over. In fact, it wasnt even a song! It was like two people were moaning while making out. 
Riddhima looked at him in shock and disgust. Rohith hurriedly pressed on a button to go back to the 
previous song but a message appeared on the screen saying Not applicable.
Riddhima looked at Rohith in anger, much like how we feel during Candy Crush when only one candy is 
left to crush and we run out of moves!
What is this Rohith? You listen to such stuff? Riddhima screamed.
No. I meanI didnt buy it.
What the fuck. You said that you had got this especially for me. So this is the quality of CD you get for 
me?
Rohith didnt know what to tell her. He had planned to make her listen to all her favourite numbers, and 
instead what was playing was the audio of a B-grade porn movie. In a panicking state, he increased the 
volume instead of decreasing it, creating utter chaos inside the car. Riddhima yelled like mad and Rohith 
just hoped that her voice mixed with the sounds of the CD didnt become entertainment for other people 
on the road. Thankfully, the restaurant was nearby and they reached just before Riddhima could murder 
him.
I swear to God, I will never ever buy a pirated CD from a station, especially when I have to play it for my 
girlfriend. But I will never, NEVER, ask that ass Aditya, he thought.
Somehow, he managed to keep calm and held Riddhimas hand as he took her to the 9th floor which had 
the rooftop restaurant. She was still a bit upset about what had happened in the car but forgave him 
ultimately since she loved the innocent face that Rohith faked in front of her. By the time they reached 
the spot, the smile on her face was back.
The ambience of the restaurant was mesmeric. There was dim lighting and candles had been lit 
everywhere. Soft music was playing in the background. There was even a small pool around which some 
tables were laid. Couples could dip their feet in the pool and talk while they waited for dinner. Rohith 
had a print out of the discount coupon and showed it to the manager. He read the print out and showed 
them to a table by the pool. Rohith held out the seat for Riddhima and asked the waiter to get them the 
menus. Once done ordering the meal, Riddhima took Rohith by the hand and pulled her to sit near the 
pool, with their feet dipped in the water. Rohith went closer to her and kissed her on the cheek, saying,
I love you, Riddhima. Happy Valentines Day in advance. You are mine and will always be.
Riddhima kissed him back and pulled his cheeks lovingly. It was like a dream come true for her, sitting 
beside her prince charming by the poolside,with candles around them and a perfect view of the city.
Here is your wine, sir, the waiter said handing them two glasses of wine.
They had ordered white wine with some Pasta, as offered in the deal.
Cheers, Rohith said as they clinked their glasses together.
No matter how many fights you get into or how many times you get upset, if you truly love a person, 
then even one look of theirs will bring a smile on your face.
I want to spend all my future Valentines Days with you. Promise me, even if we get busy, we will take 
out time from our schedules to celebrate our togetherness, Riddhima stated.
Yes. I am really lucky to have you in my life, Rohith said kissing her hand.
Maybe the almighty had it all planned. Maybe he wanted Rohith to meet the wrong person before he 
could introduce her to the right person, so that he would know how to value her love. They both 
decided to confess their love to their parents to get their approval.
After spending a wonderful evening together, they decided to leave. Since the bill had already been paid 
through the online deal, they started to leave. But it really turned out to be their unlucky day because 
the manager came in with the pending bill, despite the online payment having been cleared. Rohith was 
shocked to see the bill.
Sir, you had taken a deal which included 2 glasses of wine with which you got 2 complimentary ones as 
well. Plus, you were even served Pasta with it. But the deal didnt include the other dishes you ordered in 
the main course, sir. The pending bill is for that, the manager explained.
You should have told us beforehand what was included in the deal and what wasnt.
How were we supposed to know? Riddhima asked in annoyance.
I am sorry, baby, for putting you through this.
They had no option but to pay the pending amount. Sometimes if your luck changes for the better, it 
only lasts for so much before it changes again. Rohiths luck was certainly not on his side that day. The 
bad luck trickled down on me too as I got a couple of nasty messages from him saying Bhenchod, teri 
maa ki aankh, saala gaandu.
Not only did they have to pay the pending amount but, since Rohith had forgotten to carry his debit 
card, it was Riddhima who had to pay the pending amount for it.
Though, in my defense, I had told him to confirm whatever is included in the deal with the manager 
before he ordered anything. But he didnt. But his response to me was completely different from that of 
Riddhima. When a girlfriend says dont drink and drive, a guys reply is Youre so caring baby and when the 
same thing is said by a friend or a brother the reply is Apne baap ko mat sikha saale.
 
Though everything had not gone according to the plan, Riddhima was enjoying her time with Rohith and 
had no complaints at all. Rohith had parked the car in a secluded area after leaving the restaurant. His 
phone beeped with a message from Vikki but he ignored the message as he wanted to end the date 
on a perfect note without any glitch. Vikki had even messaged him while they were having dinner. He 
wanted to talk to Rohith about Mahek and so he wanted to ask him to meet. Rohith, however, ignored 
the message. It was a deserted road and there was no one around. Rohith took this opportunity to kiss 
Riddhima on the lips. His kiss came as a complete surprise to her, but a pleasant one. She returned his 
kiss with equal intensity. In that kiss, they felt like they had become one in body and in soul.
There Can Never Be Another You
11th February, 2010 Vikkis Apartment
Vikki, please think it over. If he tells his dad everything, it will create unnecessary complications in our 
relationship, Mahek said trying to convince Vikki.
Mahek had come to Vikkis apartment in the evening to convince him not to go ahead with his plan, 
but he was adamant about confessing their relationship to Rohith and had even called him up but Rohith 
didnt take his call or reply to the message that he had sent him. Mahek was scared since she knew her 
family was quite conservative and did not support love affairs.
You trust me? Vikki asked.
Yes. More than myself, Meena replied with a sad face.
Then leave everything to me. Why do you look so terrified? Everything will be fine, Vikki smiled.
Vikki, you dont know my parents. They are kind of strict. That is the only reason I have never uploaded 
our pictures together on Orkut, forget about Facebook.
I understand your concern and I am taking full responsibility for it, Mahek. I love you more than I have 
ever loved anyone before and I am not taking such a step without giving a thought.
For the past few days, Vikki had been constantly thinking about whether he should tell Rohith 
everything. According to him, it was the right time to talk to him about Mahek as he had played a vital 
role in bringing back happiness to Rohiths life. He was confident that Rohith would take the news well 
and show support. He also knew that Rohith was not very frank with his parents and would not rat about 
their relationship to them. And if anything went wrong in the process, Mahek would be there to support 
him. The extent to which they trusted each other was extraordinary. They talked like best friends, fought 
like kids, argued like a married couple, and protected each other like siblings. Every girl wants a bad guy 
who will be good to her and every guy wants a good girl who will be bad to him. Vikki may have dated 
many girls in the past but he treated Mahek like no other girl and she too gave the relationship her all, 
showering all her attention on him.
They decided it was time to change the gear of their relationship and obtain a clearance certificate from 
Rohith.
Are you sure?
Yes. We will celebrate Valentines Day with him and Riddhima. Now give me a smile, Vikki said kissing 
her cheeks.
He called Rohith once again but this time too, he didnt respond. Finally, Vikki decided to e-mail Rohith 
about it. By doing so, even Mahek would not have to face him directly. Mahek readily agreed after 
which Vikki logged on to his Gmail account. Before mailing him, they thought of talking once to Kavya 
and take her opinion on it too. Though Vikki had already discussed the entire matter with her, he still 
wanted to talk to her once to get her opinion on it. Her support and presence were of utmost 
importance to him.
Kavya, we have finally decided to tell Rohith about our relationship. Do you think we are doing the right 
thing? Vikki asked as she answered the call.
Please tell him that he is completely wrong, Mahek screamed into the phone from behind Vikki.
Kavya responded, If I had felt like you were doing something wrong, I would have stopped you yesterday 
itself. I will never let you do anything wrong until the day I am alive. Go ahead, my boy.
Kavya, at least you be on my side, Mahek screamed into the phone again. Vikki turned on the 
loudspeaker so that both could hear each other and he wouldnt go deaf in the process.
If Vikki wouldnt have taken this decision himself, I would have forced him to. Hiding your relationship 
from Rohith is like almost breaking his trust, something his past girlfriend also did, Kavya reminded 
them.
Vikki told you about Zoya too? Mahek asked, snatching the phone from Vikki.
Yes. Dont worry. Everything will be fine.
Kavya disconnected the call after wishing both of them luck, and also prayed for their togetherness. She 
wanted to be with them but the doctors had told her to rest for a few days. Vikki and Mahek missed 
having her around but knew it was important for her to rest in order to recover faster.
It doesnt matter how strong your bonding with your friend is, even the strongest friendships are put to 
the test by love. The only man who could be as protective as her dad was her brother. Though Mahek 
was his cousin and they were never very frank with each other, he was his elder brother and nothing 
could change that. Vikki was a bit nervous too but he was firm on his decision and Kavyas affirmative 
response made him stronger. Vikki gave Kavya a peck on the cheek and told her not to worry too 
much. He then began typing the email.
Hey Rohith,
I know you will be confused looking at my mail. I tried to reach you through the phone but your number 
was either busy or not available. So I thought of mailing you since even Mahek was a bit afraid to talk 
directly to you. Eighty percent of relationships wouldnt have even begun if messaging service didnt exist. 
It has made our life so much easier. Oh yeah, you might be thinking how I know Mahek. Brono sorryI 
cant call you bro now. You know that Im a reticent person by nature, especially when it comes to my 
private life. Thats the reason why I never shared any details with you about who I was seeing though you 
shared everything with me. Remember, I had told you that I was in love. The woman Im in love with is 
none other than Mahek, your cousin. Trust me, I did not know she is your sister and neither did she 
know that we were friends and talked sometimes. It was only until a few days back when she saw you 
talking to me during your stay at her house that she came to know. She was afraid of facing you since 
she didnt know how you would react. But I didnt want to hide anything from you since we are friends 
and owe it to each other to tell the truth. The moment she told me everything, I
decided to confess to you that I love her and am extremely serious about her. I know it comes as a big 
shock to you and you might even be angry at me but I promise you, if you have any issues with me, I will 
go away from Maheks life forever. I will not even ask you a single question. But Rohith, I really love her 
and want to be with her forever. If you give us your support then Mahek and I would love to celebrate 
this Valentines Day with Riddhima and you.
Love,
Vikki
Vikki re-read the entire mail once before clicking on the press button. After checking his outbox to see 
if the mail had in fact gone, he logged off. Mahek gave Vikki a tight hug in appreciation of all the 
efforts he had been putting and the respect he had shown towards her brother Rohith. Every girl expects 
three things from her boyfriendloyalty towards her, respect for her own space, and respect for her 
family. Vikki had given her all three and more. So many times Vikki had thought that he would 
never find someone to love him the way he needed to be loved. But Mahek had come into his life and 
showed him what true love really is.
 
Rohith and Riddhimas date ended with a long passionate kiss in the car. They spent some time together 
alone in the car, not only romancing but also laughing about the fun things they had done on their date. 
After dropping Riddhima on the way, he reached home and logged on to Gmail like he always did. 
Today, strangely, the first unread mail was from Vikki.
Rohith read the mail for the fifth time that day. It wasnt what he was expecting. He had no clue about 
how he was supposed to react. Different thoughts were running through his mind and though he was 
not so close to Mahek and didnt share a great rapport with her, still she was his sister. He couldnt 
believe that Vikki was dating her.
The more he thought about it, the more the picture became clearer in his mind. He suddenly 
remembered that he had met Vikki near Maheks house in Aundh. He had even mentioned once that 
his girlfriend went to the same college. He felt like going to Vikkis place and hitting him hard and 
abusing him, but he knew that was not going to help anyway. Moreover, Mahek would have lost all her 
faith in him. He kept calm and thought for some time. Then he called the both of them to fully 
understand what was happening.
Vikki was confident about speaking with Rohith but Meena was completely horrified and ignored 
Rohiths first few calls until Vikki told her to answer it.
Will you both tell me since when has this been going on? Rohith asked.
Rohith, weve been seeing each since mid-August but you have to believe me, I came to know about your 
relation with Meena just a few days back when your family and you were at Maheks home. I understand 
your concern but believe me, I am not with her just for fun. I am serious about her and want to marry 
her once I get to a place in my life where I can look after the both of us, Vikki said in a convincing tone.
Bhaiya, I did not want to tell you this as I was afraid you might tell my parents. You know them well and I 
dont need to tell you how they would have reacted. Vikki is not lying. In fact, hes the one who forced 
me to tell you this and not hide anything from you. Please Bhaiya, I am sorry for hiding the truth from 
you but I had no other option, Mahek added in a low voice, afraid of facing Rohiths wrath.
Is it true love or just infatuation? Vikki, I had told you about my past relationship with Zoya and how it 
ended abruptly. I realized what true love is when I meet Riddhima. No doubt, I loved Zoya but Riddhima 
gave me a feeling of what true love is and taught me how to love back. Meena, you also know about 
Zoya. Dont you?
Rohith, I only want to say that I will make your sister really happy. I wont say those filmy dialogues that I 
will never bring tears to her eyes and so on, because we go through so much in our lives that tears are 
bound to fall. But whenever they will fall from her eyes, I will be there to catch them.
Bhaiya, I really love Vikki and my life will be a living hell without him. Please. I am sorry. I will always 
share everything with you. Its a promise from a sister to her brother, Mahek added.
After a brief conversation, Rohith hung up the phone without giving his verdict on their relationship. 
Vikki and Mahek became nervous as Rohith had said nothing about whether he had accepted their 
relationship or not. Mahek cried thinking Rohith would tell everything to her parents and their lives 
would become a complete mess. Vikki continuously tried to calm her down but somewhere even he 
was worried about their relationship, now that he had got no response from Rohith. Rohith on the other 
side didnt wanted to express what he felt about the entire episode. He was worried about Mahek and it 
was obvious that, being a brother, he would be protective of her. But somewhere, he had blind trust on 
Vikki and knew that he wont fool around with Mahek. The way he had helped him move on with his 
life made it evident that he valued relationships and believed in making others happy. After thinking for 
a few hours, he sent the same message to both of them:
Just because I am okay with your relationship doesnt mean you cross all your limits. And one thing you 
both have to promise me is that you wont divert your mind from studies till your college gets over and 
also from each other till life gets over.
Vikki screamed in happiness when he read the message. He immediately messaged
Rohith,
I wont make the second promise because I dont want to divert my mind from Mahek even after my life 
is over. My love for her is not limited to this lifetime. Its far beyond that. Thanks for supporting us. Also, I 
need to tell you one extremely important thing related to your life. Please dont ignore it or take it 
lightly. I feel that it you should know this since its never easy to face the truth. I will tell you once we 
meet on 13th evening.
Meena wrote to Rohith saying,
Love you, Bhaiya. You are the best brother in this whole world. Thanks for understanding my love and 
not reacting negatively like typical brothers. Now I can share everything with you. Earlier I used to think 
that you are bit khadus type. But I was wrong. Love you.
In our entire lives, we get one chance to build a relationship with someone and to win that persons 
trust. If you lose that trust, then even though you may do all sort of things to please him, you can never 
share the same bonding with him again. By accepting Vikki and Maheks relationship, Rohith had not 
only showed faith in friendship but had also gained Maheks love forever. Rohith had decided that 
everyone would celebrate Valentines Day together at Riddhimas apartment by gathering on the eve of 
13th February and celebrating till the stroke of midnight. This 14th February was indeed special as all 
the relationships were inching towards a perfect end. Vikki and Mahek were excited to be together 
for the first time in the presence of Rohith and had also informed Kavya about how well he had received 
them. Kavya was also going to join them for the Valentines bash.
Riddhima and Rohith had both gone through a lot in their lives before entering into a relationship with 
each other, but now they were truly, madly, and deeply in love.
Vikki had unknowingly helped in breaking the walls of awkwardness between Rohith and Mahek. 
Theres no other love like the love for a brother and theres no other love like the love of a brother. Its 
amazing how we can touch each others lives without even realizing it.
 
13th February, 2010
German Bakery, Koregaon Park
Meena is going to pick you up from your place. I will come a bit later as I have a few surprises planned 
for everyone, Vikki told Kavya over the phone.
Vikki wanted to take gifts for everyone and had thus told Mahek to pick up Kavya from her home and 
reach Riddhimas apartment. He was on cloud nine and it called for a double celebration because not 
only was it their first Valentines together, even Rohith had accepted their relationship. He was slightly 
tensed about unfolding that one secret to Rohith that Mahek had disclosed to him, but he wanted to 
start the new phase of their relationship on a clean state and didnt want to hide anything from anyone. 
Anyway, it was party time and he had planned to unfold the secret without spoiling anyones mood. 
After buying all the gifts from the shopping mall at Koregaon Park, he went to German Bakery to eat 
something since he was starving and hadnt eaten all day. While at the bakery, he thought of buying red 
velvet cake for Rohith since he remembered Rohith mentioning to him it was his favourite.
Are you going to German Bakery? Kavya asked him. Please, bring some sandwiches for me. I love them.
You know what, I do more work for you than I do for my girlfriend, Vikki smiled.
Shut up. Dont tell me what I already know. I know how much you care for her.
But I love you more. If you would have not introduced me to her, I would have never realized the 
meaning of true love, Vikki said as he searched for a table in the bakery.
Dont get sentimental now. Bye. And dont forget the sandwiches.
Kavya hung up the phone quickly as Mahek had already reached. Vikki ordered sandwiches for Kavya, 
the red velvet cake for Rohith, and a burger for him to eat. He thought of all that they had gone through 
these past few days and how everything was now finally coming into place. It made him think about how 
life is so unpredictable because when he first started chatting with Rohith, he could never imaginehe 
would feel so connected to him. He was content with his life because he had a friend like Kavya, a 
girlfriend like Mahek, and Rohith as his brother-in-law.
Finishing off the burger, he messaged Meena in delight,
Everytime I see you, I feel a little flame in my heart that lights up because I love you. If I am given a 
chance to love again, I would still choose you because youre the password to my life. Happy Valentines 
Day. The celebrations will begin in some time.
Vikki looked at the message and smiled again. His happiness reflected in his eyes. He looked around to 
check if his parcel was ready. The waiter told him it would take some more time since the place was 
packed with customers. It was 7 pm and many of the foreigners at the bakery had left for the Osho 
Ashram for their daily meditation session.
Since his wait had been prolonged, he was scrolling through his picture folder and looking and pictures 
of him with Mahek and Kavyathe two people who had brought so much joy into his life. Just then, he 
received a call from Rohith.
What time will you be reaching?
I am on my way. Just waiting to collect the order. I will be there around 7.45 pm, Vikki said, looking at 
his watch.
Hurry up! I cant wait to see you, particularly for two reasons: Firstly, I want to see you as my sisters 
boyfriend and secondly, I want to hear the important thing that you were talking about, Rohith said.
Even I am keen to meet you for two reasons: Firstly, to see you as my girlfriends brother and secondly, 
to meet the two people dearest to you in life: Riddhima and Aditya, Vikki added.
They both are with me. Come soon.
I have more surprises for all of you and lets make this evening
Before he could complete the sentence, there was a huge blast in the bakery.
People began running helter-skelter in the caf. The massive explosion that had taken everybody by 
surprise. The sound was absolutely deafening and all the windows of the bakery had been shattered. 
Everyone started screaming in terror when they saw a couple of bodies lying on the ground in a pool of 
blood. There was a lot of smoke and dust and people started panicking.
Everything went black in front of Vikkis eyesas he lay on floor, sandwiched between a hot metal and a 
pillar with his arm completely dislocated from his body. The weight of the metal pressed against his 
upper body, making him cry out in pain. He couldnt move even an inch and with smoke all around, he 
couldnt breathe. All he could feel was the metal stamping on his body. He lied there, motionless, 
counting his last breaths. There were dead and injured people lying in a pool of blood everywhere. Some 
other people on the floor were crying out in pain. People had died, lost their arms, their limbs, and their 
heads. The smoke from the explosion escaped the bakery and clouded the street outside.
Vikki didnt want to die like this; without even saying a last goodbye to Mahek, the girl he wanted to 
marry, be a caring husband to, and with whom he wanted to father a child. He wanted to live for Kavya 
as he was her life. Her best friend and her moral support. How could life end like this? Just when 
everything around him had started regaining normalcy, this had to happen. Vikki cursed his fate for 
having played such a cruel joke on him. Before closing his eyes, he prayed that no one would recognize 
him as he knew that Mahek and Kavya would suffer a mental breakdown if they came to know that he 
was dying! The gifts that were wrapped with yellow paper had turned red with his blood, and Vikki lay 
there waiting for death to hit him and shut the curtains of his life forever.
Death is so uncertain. One moment youre sitting with the person dearest to you and the very next 
moment, you lose him forever. Its said no one stays with you forever but when you lose someone 
midway, how can you fill the void that the persons absence creates? Time can heal but never erase past 
wounds. All the dreams that Vikki had seen with Mahek and Kavya remained unfulfilled. Vikki 
breathed his last that day. 
Dreams Are For Real
His phones unreachable. The last I spoke with him, he told me hed be reaching in half an hour, Rohith 
said looking at the time on his wristwatch.
Maybe theres some network issue. Lets wait for him, I said as I placed the cake and a bottle of 
champagne on the table.
Everyone had assembled by then and were waiting for Vikki to come so that the celebrations could 
begin. Except for Rohith, I was meeting everyone for the first time. I found Riddhima extremely cute. The 
love she had for Rohith was visible in her eyes. One could tell Kavya was a real fighter and Vikki and 
Mahek were her backbone with the way she spoke about them so lovingly. She was extremely lively and 
her indomitable spirit impressed me a lot. Though Mahek was Rohiths cousin, we had never met each 
other before. She came across as really sweet too and we got along well. Starters and cold drinks had 
been served and everyone seemed to be having a good time.
Meena was sipping on her drink and casually scrolling through the website of a newspaper when one 
particular headline caught her eye: Severe Bomb Blast at German
Bakery; a few casualties reported
She almost fell down in shock and caught hold of a nearby railing for support. Vikki is at the German 
Bakery!! she thought. Immediately, she dialled his number but couldnt get through to him. She began to 
panic. She showed us the message and I quickly switched on the TV to see the live coverage. Everyone 
was on the verge of tears, praying from him to be safe. We were completely shocked and didnt know 
what to do. We had seen a lot of news reports on blasts in the country before and had never bothered 
about it before, but this time we had someone close to us on the spot of the blast. We didnt dare to 
think what could have happened to him. Meena and Kavya who were sobbing continuously. They tried 
every possible way to get in touch with Vikki but couldnt.
On one of the news channels, the reporter was saying:
Latest report coming in from the site of the blast. At least 6 people have been reported dead and more 
than 30 injured after a massive bomb blast hit the German Bakery. Why did the terrorists pick German 
Bakery as their venue? Lots of unanswered questions
We immediately switched off the TV and left for the bakery with the hope that Vikki would be safe. 
Words cannot describe such situations.
With heavy steps, we made our way to the car, constantly praying for everything to be okay. Rohith was 
driving the car at an extremely fast pace, skipping all the traffic signals so we could reach as soon as 
possible. But most of the roads leading to German Bakery had been shut by the police. There was 
nakabandi all around. We asked a few police officers where the victims bodies had been taken and they 
gave us the name of a hospital. We decided to head straight to the hospital instead of the bakery. 
Mahek and I kept trying to call Vikki on his mobile number in the hope that he might pick up and say, 
Dude, Im fine. Wheres the beer? Though none of use wanted to acknowledge it, by now we were almost 
certain that something dreadful had happened to him.
The entrance to the hospital was jam-packed. Lots of injured people were being wheeled inside. Some 
had an arm missing, some a leg. It looked like a war had broken out in the city. Media and relatives had 
gathered around the place, and all we could hear were the cries of people who had lost their closed 
ones. There were parents sobbing because they had lost their only child; there were brothers crying 
since their sisters had been injured; there were wives crying since they had lost their husband forever. It 
was a painful sight to watch and I decided to wait with Kavya outside since she was howling 
uncontrollably.
When we got to the mortuary, there were many bodies lying on the ground covered with white sheets. 
Rohith, Mahek, and Riddhima went inside to verify if Vikki was one of the casualties of the incident. 
Kavya and I waited outside in nervous anticipation. With trembling hands, Rohith removed the white 
sheet from one of the victims bodies. When he saw the face, our worst fears came trueit was Vikki! 
Mahek broke down completely and started screaming. She tried to go close to him, but the doctors 
stopped her. Her weeping reached Kavyas ears and she gripped my arm tightly. When Rohith came out 
and told us that Vikki was no more, Kavya fell down on the floor. Rohith and Riddhima tried to console 
Mahek while I picked up Kavya and helped her to a nearby bench, giving her some water to drink.
How could he leave me like this? He was my stick to walk; I saw the world through his eyes, Kavya cried.
We have no control over fate. We have to accept the fact that people who are close to us will die, 
sooner or later. But when someone leaves you unexpectedly, it hurts even more. When a person who is 
in the prime of his life leaves so suddenly, with any warning or explanations, it takes you by complete 
surprise. We felt like our world had been turned upside down.
Vikki was the beat of Meenas heart, the soul of her body, the reason for his existence. Her life had 
come to a standstill after his death. It was hard for Meena to stop thinking about him and burn to ashes 
all hopes of their future, when they might still have lived and loved together, and raised their kids 
together. He was the person Kavya knew she could turn to when she needed help. He was her moral 
support, someone to chill with. She cursed God for not having taken away her life instead. She survived 
an accident in the past, but lost the meaning of her life with Vikkis departure.
Vikki had shown Rohith how to live and be truly happy and had given him the inspiration to live with 
the one who truly loved him. But when it was time to return the same love, Vikki had left him. I had 
met him only once and had found him to be extremely friendly and full of life. Riddhima and I couldnt 
control our emotions and let our tears flow. We did the paperwork to get his body released from the 
hospital. Its strange how a person ceases to exist after his death and how we refer to him as just a body. 
Rohith and I made all the necessary arrangements for the last rites. Finally, we bid adieu to Vikki 
forever in front of his family and close friends.
Even though Vikki was gone forever, his memory would always livewith us, comforting us in our 
darkest nights. Vikki would be missed every minute of every day.
 
16th February, 2010 Rohiths residence
Rohith, I have to leave. Ive been in Pune for a really long time, and I think its time for me to return to 
Mumbai now, I said while we had our breakfast together.
It had been a week sinceVikkis death. I had extended my stay and had to return to Mumbai even if I 
didnt want to. Rohith remained silent, lost in his thoughts. Vikkis loss had really affected him badly. I 
told him he had to overcome his grief for Vikkis sake saying he wouldnt have liked to see him in such a 
condition. I made him understand that after Vikkis death, he was responsible for two other livesKavya, 
who had lost her only best friend and Mahek, who had lost the love of her life.
You have to take care of both the girls. Its not an easy for them to overcome the loss and you as Rohiths 
friend have to try to keep them as happy as possible. Especially Kavya, because Vikki was her 
backbone. Also, you need to make Mahek strong enough to cope up with life. Her support will be vital 
for Kavyas recovery too, I explained.
Moving on was the only way he could go.
I know that I am the one who has to take care of everyone but its not going to be easy for me, Rohith 
stated.
I agree, but if you fall weak, what will happen to the others? They will be completely shattered. You 
have to be strong and spread happiness all around. Regardless of what problems Vikki had in his life, 
he always helped others and was there for you too. Its your time to fill his void and be there for Mahek 
and Kavya. I am sure Riddhima feels the same way as I do about this.
Rohith nodded and hugged me before I could leave.
By the way, I didnt get a chance to tell you that day, but I really like my bhabi. Riddhima is the perfect 
girl to handle an ass like you. Never leave her or hurt her. Or else I will kill you, I said to lighten the 
mood.
Thanks Aditya, not just for all your support but also for staying here with us, even when you had to go to 
college in Mumbai, Rohith said in a deep voice.
I left. I lived. I learned. Vikki was so full of positivity that some of it had rubbed off on me too. He 
taught me that life cannot be lived according to your plans, and you have to be prepared for the 
unexpected. Everything happens for a reason; however hard it may be. Its just sometimes hard to find 
those reasons. Sometimes you have to sacrifice your dreams just to be with the one you love. Living 
your life with them is much better than living your dream alone. Vikki had left, forever, but he had left 
behind memories that would always bring a smile on everyones face. When I came to Pune, I never 
thought that I would be acquainted with the lives of so many people who would teach me a new way of 
living. Mahek had taught me what love was, Kavya had introduced me to the real meaning of friendship, 
Riddhima had made me realize that waiting for a loved one was worth it, and Vikki had shed light 
upon what life was and had taken me closer to my ownself. Indeed, people like him dont come often 
into our lives. Even after reaching Mumbai, I kept thinking about them and how the experience had 
enriched me and made me a better person.
 
Even after a fortnight, everytime the phone rang, Mahek would pick up hoping it was Vikki. It was 
impossible for them to believe that they would never see him again. Many a times, Mahek would take 
her anger out on Rohith, but Rohith was playing the role of the perfect elder brother by keeping his calm 
and by trying to make her smile. The sudden demise of Vikki had made Rohith and Mahek connect 
with each other at an emotional level.
With the passage of time, they slowly started accepting what had happened, though it was not a happy 
acceptance. Kavya too was trying to regain her energy and hope by accepting the bitter truth; though at 
times she would feel listless and lifeless, discouraged, and sometimes, depressed. It was the winter of 
their grief  a long, slow, dormant period. But Mahek knew she had to be tough because Kavya needed 
her as a friend. Everyone was supporting each other and Vikki had played the role of a catalyst by 
bringing them together.
The whole process of recovering from the grief of having lost a loved one had changed them as 
individuals. They were not the same people they had been before. They had grown from that experience 
and it was evident by their changed outlook towards relationships and life in general.
We always ignore people who are close to usfriends, parents, girlfriends, boyfriendsand forget to 
appreciate their presence in our lives. What if you lose them suddenly, forever? Even the thought of it 
makes us shiver. Rohith, Mahek, and Kavya, along with Riddhima, had forged a new relationship with 
each other; of togetherness and friendship. By slowly accepting their grief, they had taken the path 
towards healing. Losing Vikki so unexpectedly was hard for all of us; but he had left behind an 
indelible footprint in our hearts and memories to keep us going. 
Everything Happens For a Reason
28th February, 2010
It was Sunday morning and Rohith had met Meena for a morning walk at a nearby park.
He wanted to spend some time with her and see how she was doing. The early sunrise brought with it a 
new ray of hope in their lives and gave them the strength they needed to overcome their past and move 
on. They had become good friends since that incident and were now emotionally connected to each 
other.
Everytime I would see my friends having fun with their brothers, I would get upset as I am a single child 
and dont even have a close cousin whom I can talk to. Their brothers would pick them up after college 
and take them out for coffee. I always wanted a brother whom I could talk to, take guidance from, and 
share my feelings with. Around the time of my marriage, he would cry for me and give me strength to be 
a part of a new family. Thank you, Bhaiya. I am so proud to have you in my life, Mahek said walking 
along with Rohith on the jogging track.
After the walk, they went and sat on a nearby bench. He wiped the tears from her eyes and pulled her 
cheeks, trying to make her smile.
I dont know what to say. I have a sister with whom I can share my life now but at the cost of losing my 
friend. And I dont know whether to thank that friend for breaking the barriers between us unknowingly 
or apologize to him that I couldnt give your hand to him. It was not easy for me but Adityas words 
always made me strong and though I know that no one can take Vikkis place, I am trying to make you 
smile and get over the past.
Bhaiya, please dont be sorry. I am sure if Vikki was alive today he would have felt proud of you. I wish 
I could have shared everything with you from the beginning, looking at the way you have handled Kavya 
and me these past few days, helping us get back to normal.
I just want you all to smile again for Vikki. He always wanted everyone to be together and we should 
not disappoint him.
I know I can never take Vikkis place but after him, I am the only one to look after
Kavya. So even if I feel like breaking down, I cant. One question that keeps echoing in my head is that, Is 
the value of our lives so little? If I wouldnt have told him to bring all those gifts, he wouldnt have gone to 
that area.
She leaned on Rohiths shoulder and he patted her head gently. Rohith had entered her life at a time 
when she desperately needed a friend. She was lucky to have found a friend and brother in Rohith. After 
taking a couple of rounds in the park, they lay down on the grass, talking about Riddhima and how 
Rohith had proposed to her. She too shared all the crazy moments she had spent with Vikki and Kavya 
and how they would annoy people around them with their acts. Mahek was supposed to meet Kavya 
directly at the park, and Rohith decided to join them since Riddhima was busy with her Sunday classes 
and he had nothing better to do.
Rohith and Mahek were connected emotionally in Vikkis absence and even he might be looking down 
from the skies, content with the change his absence had brought in their lives.
 
De-Katta, Kothrud
How strange it is that we all are sitting here, but the person who introduced us is missing, Kavya said 
opening a packet of chips.
Yes, but we will always be with you and you can treat me as your elder brother or as your friend, 
whatever you feel like. I promise, you will never feel alone. Vikki was my friend too, and so, according 
to the law, we are close friends too, Rohith smiled.
Good relationships dont just happen overnight. They take time and patience to nurture. All three of 
them had gone through hard times and valued the presence of each other in their lives. They met 
whenever they found the time to, and though they didnt interact much, whenever they did, they had a 
great time with each other. Maybe, the best kind of friends are who you can sit with on a porch and 
then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you ever had. They shared a somewhat similar 
relationship. Mahek always missed Vikki and remembered their college days together. She knew that 
Vikki had more affection towards Kavya than her as their friendship was immortal. But she didnt mind 
it one bit since Kavya was an equally good friend to her. They were having their Sunday brunch together 
and catching up on old times.
I still have the last message he sent me almost few minutes before Meena paused. She was going 
through her inbox and read the message aloud.
If I am given a chance to love again, I would still choose you as youre the password to my life. Happy 
Valentines Day. The celebrations will begin in some time.
But before the celebration could actually begin, he left, Kavya said in a deep voice and continued, If I 
would not have told him to bring sandwiches for me, he would have left the place a few minutes before 
the blast and would have been sitting with us today.
Guys, do not take the blame on you. We cannot change things. We need to move on because even 
Vikki wont be happy to see us cry like this, Rohith said trying to change the topic.
Rohith was missing him too. There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just 
want them to appear in front of you and hug them for real. He hid his pain with a smile on his face. To 
avoid making eye contact, he kept browsing his phone and opened his inbox to see Vikkis message.
Also, I need to tell you one extremely important thing related to your life. Please dont ignore it or take it 
lightly. I feel that you should know this since its never easy to face the truth. I will tell you once we meet 
on 13th evening.
Suddenly, he remembered that Vikki had wanted to tell him something crucial about his life that day. 
Rohith was curious and asked Meena if Vikki had mentioned anything about it to her. She knew 
exactly what Rohith was talking about, becauseVikki had discussed it with her before revealing the 
truth to Rohith. She had kept it a secret from him since the past few months. But, as the equation had 
changed between them, she decided to tell him the truth. The truth that would give him the shock of his 
life.
 
9th February, 2010 Vikkis residence
There is one more thing that I want to tell you. I have never shared this with anyone before, but I feel 
like telling you, Mahek said.
Vikki was barely trying to digest the shock of accepting the fact that Mahek was Rohiths sister when 
Mahek was unfolding another secret.
Now what? Have you decided to give me an attack tonight? I dont want to die so soon, Vikki winked.
However, when he heard the secret, he couldnt believe his ears.
Rohiths previous girlfriend Zoya had lied to him that she couldnt take their relationship ahead because 
her family would be against it, Mahek disclosed.
I remember Rohith telling me the same thing when we discussed it.
Actually, the truth is that
What is it? Tell me, Vikki shouted.
Zoya had been tested positive for HIVwhich is why she was leaving the city forever with her family. She 
wanted Rohith to live his life happily without any complications and had hence kept the truth hidden 
from him. She wanted him to live with someone who
truly loved him so that she could die content knowing that someone is taking care of him. Her family 
was taking her to Shimla for treatment but she knew the outcome. We were in touch occasionally and 
she had told me about this before she left. I had promised her that
I will not to tell Rohith, ever, about this.
Vikki couldnt even imagine something so terrible. He didnt even move from his seat and had tears in 
his eyes. This was not something that should be kept hidden from Rohith, he thought. He somehow 
convinced Meena that they should tell Rohith about their relationship and about Zoya too, on the 13th 
evening. Though Mahek didnt want to and was extremely frightened, Vikki had made up his mind and 
even Kavya had given him the green signal.
 
28th February, 2010 De-Katta, Kothrud
Bhaiya, Vikki wanted to tell you this that evening but Mahek cried.
Rohith was stunned by what she had just told her. Though she was his past now and he had moved on 
with his life, he felt the situation could have been handled in a better fashion had she mentioned it once 
to him. We are so quick in judging another person that we hardly think there could be another reason 
for the decisions they take. Rohith never thought that this could be the reason why Zoya would separate 
from him. He shut his eyes and prayed for forgiveness for having taken her wrongly.
I am already tense so please dont make me weaker. You are my strength and you should always smile. I 
even talked to your sister about it and she too agrees with me. Rohith, please understand that we just 
cant be together. Remember, someone somewhere is happy knowing that you are happy. So always 
smile and work hard achieve your dreams.
He recollected everything she had told him. But he was still angry at Zoya for not having told him the 
truth. How could she face such a trauma all alone? She always wanted him to grow in life and love 
someone who loved him more than her.
Her words echoed in his ears:
Listen, look for a girlfriend who loves you, and dont go for just looks. She should be able to take care of 
you in hard times and understand your needs. Got it? Promise me that you will inform me when you will 
find her.
Meena got up from her seat and sat beside Rohith holding his hand, comforting him.
Vikki had even planned to book your tickets to Shimla so that you could meet her once.
That means you know where she is in Shimla? Rohith stammered.
Yes.
Rohith you should meet Zoya once, Kavya added.
Even you knew about it?
Yes. Vikki had told me that he was going to tell you all about it that evening. I was proud that he had 
taken the right decision and supported him. You should be happy that you had a friend like him, Kavya 
smiled.
Rohith stared at her, and then turned towards Mahek. She smiled and nodded her head in support. It 
was Vikkis wish too, which sadly turned out to be one of his last wishes.
Both Kavya and Mahek tried to cheer him up and asked him to go to meet Zoya once. Rohith was 
confused whether Riddhima would agree to it or not. Kavya made him understand that Riddhima loved 
him with a true heart and would gladly let him go.
Everything happens for a reason. Sometimes we can figure out the reason in time and sometimes not. 
He told everything to Riddhima that evening after her classes.
I trust you she said without hesitation. It was then that he realized that I trust you made him feel better 
than I love you. True love is not about those phone calls or kiss emoticons that are sent through 
messages, but it is the silent smiles and knowing your other half better than yourself. Riddhima gave 
Rohith a tight warm hug for keeping faith in her and telling her about Zoya like he used to before their 
relationship.
One should never blame their love without knowing the whole reality behind their decision. Zoya had 
shown a different side of true love by opting to move out of Rohiths life and now it was his turn to fulfil 
the promise that Zoya had asked him to keep; to inform her when he finds someone who could take 
care of him in hard times and understand his needs. Rohith and Riddhima decided to go to Shimla to 
meet Zoya one last time.
 
2nd March, 2010 Pune Airport
Just think what wouldve happened had Vikki never come into our lives and enriched it the way he 
did? Rohith asked Riddhimaas they sat in the waiting lounge.
Maybe, life isnt about finding your other half. Maybe, its about finding yourself. I am happy that he 
brought so many positive changes in you. Meena lost the love of her life and I know it feels terrible, but 
today she is smiling because she found a wonderful a brother in you who is more than a friend to her. 
Kavya, too got a friend in you. I love you so much for being a real man, Riddhima smiled.
Its not easy to handle one woman at a time and Rohith was handling three of them! He was playing the 
role of a friend, a brother and a lover, flawlessly. He was madly in love with Riddhima but had never 
made it his weakness. They waited at the airport to board their flight to Shimla and thought of how 
different life wouldve been had Vikki not been a part of it. There is a reason why we meet every 
person in our lives. Some test you, some use you, some teach you a lesson, while some bring out the 
best or worst in you. Vikki had transformed Rohith as a person completely, and had unlocked the 
password to his life. Wherever he is now, hed be smiling looking down at them. Even Meena and Kavya 
had understood that the past can never come back, even if we cling on to it too tightly. So its best to let 
go. Moving on is never easy but sometimes its necessary! 
Epilogue
Almost half a decade has passed since Vikkis death and Meena has now started her own salsa training 
classes after completing her graduation. She is soon going to start her own event management 
company. At times she misses Vikkis presence while teaching dance to her students but his absence 
doesnt let her down but encourages her to do well in life.
Kavya is still Maheks BFF and they still do the same crazy things together. They have their share of 
arguments like all friends do. After all, friends are never true friends unless youve had arguments and 
then become friends again. Because of so many people around her who genuinely cared for her, her 
smile was back, as was her madness. She was now driving her bike around the city too. How you may 
ask? Because her vision was back. Yes, she had an eye operation that resurrected her eyesight and 
brought back the colours in her life. It was initially hard for her to get accustomed to the fact that 
Vikki would no longer be in front of her. But the love from everyone made her stronger and allowed 
her to move on in life. She is now working for an NGO who looks for the betterment of orphaned 
children.
Rohith had found his forever in Riddhima and both are now happily married to each other. They are 
indeed the perfect couple who stand by each other through thick and thin. They even have a cute 
daughter who looks exactly like Rohith and is very naughty. She wants a smartphone like her dad even 
though she doesnt know how to operate it.
Some people often think moving on is impossible but that is because they never felt unconditional love. 
Riddhima not only loved Rohith, she also made him a better person. They still visit Zoya occassionally 
while she continues her battle against HIV. Zoya had accepted that Rohith and she were never meant to 
be, but they loved every single second that they had spent together. She still keeps the gift that 
Riddhima had given her when they met for the first time.
 
3rd March, 2010
Shimla
Everyone needs love. Some strive hard for it while others get it for free. Zoya had been striving for it for 
long. One of the hardest things in the world is keeping your mouth shut when you know something 
needs to be said. When she saw Rohith in front of her, it was like meeting someone you had lost years 
back and had no hope of them coming back. It was a huge surprise for her to see her love back after 
such a long time. They just stood in front of each other without knowing what to say. Zoya understood 
why Rohith had come to meet her as she had hardly told anyone about her stay in Shimla except for 
Mahek and a few others.
How are you? Rohith asked.
What should I say? This is the most difficult question for me these days. I cant even say that I am fine.
You should haveat leastyou knowtold me once Rohith stammered.
You would have never moved on had I told you, and even if you did, you would have never loved anyone 
like you, loved me, Zoya said.
Noticing the girl standing behind Rohith, she asked, Who is she?
My girlfriend, Riddhima
Though she knew about Riddhima, to actually see him with her was a bit tough for her to accept. Even 
though you may seem to have moved on with your life, if a fragment of your past confronts you, it takes 
you by complete surprise. However, Zoya was cordial and exchanged smiles with her. She did not want 
to put up a pretence since she was aware that Rohith cant be part of her life even if she wants him to. 
She wanted a better life for him and had made the decision to go away from his life herself. No matter 
how strong a girl can be, sometimes all she needs is a hug. There was a wave of awkwardness in the 
room.
I am happy for you. So you kept your promise, Zoya said breaking the silence.
Zoya looked at Riddhima who brought out a gift from her bag and handed it to her. It was an idol of Lord 
Ganesh. Zoya thanked her and Riddhima gave her a friendly hug in return. Rohith smiled looking at the 
gesture. He felt really lucky to have an understanding and big-hearted girl like Riddhima in his life. It 
takes courage for a girl to meet her boyfriends ex-girlfriend as a well-wisher.
Friends? Riddhima said extending a hand of friendship towards Zoya.
Zoya was surprised and glanced at Rohith for a second. Rohith just smiled.
We can at least be friends, he added.
She smiled and offered her hand in return. She now had no regrets in life now and could rejoice in these 
moments till her last breath. After spending a few hours with her, they were about to leave,when Zoya 
asked,
Oh crap, amidst the excitement I forgot to ask you about Vikki. How is he?
Rohith and Riddhima didnt know what to tell her. They were also surprised that she knew about Vikki 
since none of them had talked about Vikki with her. It was then she told them that Vikki had called 
her when he came to know about her condition just to wish her well. He had promised Zoya that Rohith 
would meet her once for sure.
Say my thanks to him as he fulfilled his promise too, Zoya said as she bid a goodbye to them.
They smiled and left without telling her about his demise as they didnt want to snatch the smile from 
her face.
 
Is this the end? Nah! Its just the beginning of a lifetime of friendship. Dont let life pass you by, because 
any moment could be that moment that changes the rest of your life! Every person in my life has 
transformed me in some way or the other and I cant imagine what life would have been without them. 
Everytime I find myself in the middle of nowhere, I find my true self. Everytime I visit Pune, I meet all of 
them. Meena has tried teaching me Salsa so many times but has failed miserably. Now even she has 
realized that I have two left feet.
Friendship is silent, unwritten, unbreakable by distance, unchangeable with time! Vikki had changed 
their lives forever and each of them carried a piece of him in their hearts. He never defined friendship. 
He knew friendship meant different things to different people. He only knew of its unifying power and 
how it can bring people closer.
He had shown everyone how friendship is the only ship that doesnt sink.
Acknowledgements
Some moments change our lives forever. Many such moments since the release of my first book Few 
Things Left Unsaid in 2011 have made me the person I am today. I would like to thank my millions of 
readers all over the world for their unflinching love and support. You all mean the world to me!
All the people I thank below have been my strength while I finished writing the book.
To Dipika Tanna and Jasmine Sethi for reading the manuscript at Rajnikanths pace as many times as I 
requested them.
To Mrunmayee Ambekar for their honest reviews and selfless support.
To Saurabh More just because I mentioned his name the last time and it worked for me.
To Priyanka Dhasade for criticizing me throughout the process and provoking me to write better.
To Neha Maheshwari and Mrunmayi Dhurandar for forcing their friends to read the draft, even if they 
were not interested.
To Apurva for guiding me all the time and Sonja D Silva for tolerating my nonsensical talks.
To Kalyani Akolkar for being extremely patient in answering my numerous questions, Neha Karandikar 
for her constant opinions on my work, and Simran Vegad for her valuable inputs.
To Manik Jaiswal, Zankrut Oza and Narendra Singh for their open-handed promotions and Abhilash 
Ruhela for reviewing my books and making me realize that hes not an easy person to impress.
To all the people who really mattermom, dad, and my sister Shweta, and my grandparents for their 
humble support. Love you all!
To God, for being kind to me when it comes to writing.
To my extended family on Facebook and Twitter.
To Milee Ashwarya, Gurveen Chadha, Shruti Katoch, and the entire team at Random House India for 
being kind enough even when I miss their deadlines.
Lastly, a big thank you to my growing family of readers.
Love you forever and hamesha!
... I Love you Rachu ...
Dear Frnds pls spread this msg until its reach to my rachu
I thinks see knows my name
Book Downloaded from: EBOOK4IN.BLOGSPOT.COM
Submitted by Rohith Chakraborty 
 
... I Love you Rachu ...
Dear Frnds pls spread this msg until its reach to my rachu
I thinks see knows my name
Book Downloaded from: EBOOK4IN.BLOGSPOT.COM
Submitted by Rohith Chakraborty 
THE BEGINNING
Let the conversation begin...
Follow Random House Twitter.com@RHIndia
Keep up-to-date with all our stories YouTube.com/RandomHouseInd
Like Random House on facebook.com/randomhouseindia
Find out more about the author and discover more stories like this at randomhouse.co.in 
EBURY PRESS
Random House Publishers India Private Limited, 7th Floor, Infinity Tower C, DLF Cyber City, Gurgaon  122 
002, Haryana, India
Random House Group Limited, 20 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London SW1V 2SA, United Kingdom Published 
by Random House India in 2014 www.randomhouse.co.in
Copyright  Sudeep Nagarkar 2014
Cover design: Saurav Das
This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, resold, 
hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publishers prior consent in any form of binding or cover 
other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being 
imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
ISBN: 978-81-8400-584-4
This digital edition published in 2014. e-ISBN: 978-81-8400-670-4
... I Love you Rachu ...
Dear Frnds pls spread this msg until its reach to my rachu
I thinks see knows my name
Book Downloaded from: EBOOK4IN.BLOGSPOT.COM
Submitted by Rohith Chakraborty

